9670: There are no options to select.
10016: You can't use that here.
10478: Are you sure you want to quit?
10525: Restart failed.
10550: Restore failed.
10563: Game restored.
10589: Save failed.
10604: Game saved.
12231: in" or "notin
12247: opmhas" or "hasnt
12389: }" at end of "objectloop
13592: THIS IS WHAT'S PRINTED OUT.
13634: et up!'                    
   Your eyes are still closed. You feel
weary, and dirty. Your mouth is filled with slime, as if you'd just drowned in
some god-forsaken swamp                 
                                      
                                          
     -fever-                    
   
                
   'Get the fuck up!'                    
   You open your
eyes. You're in a tent, and a man in a military uniform is standing above you,
looking down angrily. You feel disoriented. You're not supposed to be here.
It's dark, and ugly, and cold. You can hear the rain outside. This is no place
for a man.                    
   But you're still here, always here - there is
no way out until the war is won, and the war never ends. This is not a mistake.
This is your life in hell.  
   'Oh, so you're awake. Now will you get up, or
do I have to kick you?'
14270: Before you manage to say anything, the broken man looks up at you. The
fires of Hell are reflected in his eyes.      
   'There's no way out.'      
 
 With these words, he crumbles to dust.      
         
   You feel ill.      

        
   There is nothing you can do, so you decide to move on.
14494: Before you manage to say anything, the broken man screams and jumps up
at you. You manage to avoid him, and he falls face-down into the mud. He begins
to sink, and within a few seconds, there is nothing left of him.           
  
You feel ill.           
   There's nothing you can do, so you decide to go on
to where you're supposed to be going.
14756: Get up.
14764: Look around.
14774: You're lying on the dirt-covered floor of a military tent. Next to you
are two crates filled with equipment of various kinds. On top of them lies a
jacket with traces of blood on its sleeves, and a number of bullet holes.
Except for yourself and the angry-looking man above you, whom you've seen
before but whose name you cannot remember, there's no-one else in the tent.
15040: You get up slowly, feeling a strong pain in the back of your neck, and a
terrible weakness in your bones. The man looks at you in disgust.             

   'Look at you, you piece of shit. You should be ashamed. You call yourself a
soldier?'              
   'Yes, sir,' you mumble, trying not to vomit.        
     
   'You know what I think about people like you? Huh?'              
  
'No, sir.'              
   'People like you should be killed off when they're
born. Intellectuals, artists - you're all faggots and weaklings. The nation
doesn't need your kind. We have a war to fight, and you're just getting in the
way.'              
   For a moment he seems poised to continue his tirade, but
thankfully, he stops.              
   'So I'm glad they're giving you this
job. Either it'll turn you into a man, or it'll get you killed, and I'm fine
with both.'              
   'Job?' you ask.              
   'Oh yeah, they've
got a job for you. Why do you think I'm wasting my time talking to you, when I
have better things to do, like making sure the real soldiers don't get killed?
Now get yourself to the General's tent. He'll brief you on your mission. I'll
be waiting outside with your equipment and supplies.' 
   Giving you one last
disdainful look, he exits the room. You can hear the prattle of rain. In a
nearby tent, someone is moaning in pain. You feel cold.
16052: Leave the tent.
16064: Pick up the jacket.
16078: Whoever previously used this jacket probably doesn't need it anymore.
Maybe it belongs to the man moaning in the other tent; he doesn't sound like
he'll be alive much longer. You, on the other hand, could use this jacket,
because yours is in an even worse state. The bullet holes are minor compared to
the holes in your jacket, and as for the blood... well, you've seen worse.     
      
   Putting it on, you find a small knife in the pocket.     
   You feel
ill.
16418: You exit the tent. Outside, the ground has turned to mud in the constant
rain. Everything seems to be grey and cold and somehow abstracted. You are
surrounded by tents filled with soldiers like you, but you feel alone, as if
you were in a ghost town. Most of these men will be dead before long.          
    
   You suddenly notice a broken man sitting in the mud next to your tent.
He appears to be invisible, and is quietly mumbling to himself. The strange
sound reminds you of a chant.
16776: Talk to the broken man.
16796: Ignore him and walk on to the General's tent.
16832: Talk to the broken man.
20944: As soon as you close your eyes, you begin to dream, and the dream is a
nightmare.           
              
   Bullets are flying all around you.
Voices are screaming. The sky is bleeding. Above all of this, there is the
sound of great wheels turning; terrible black wheels that crush all hope. You
scream, but you are caught on a wheel of fire. There's no way out.           
 
            
   You awaken with a start. Cold sweat covers your body. You feel
more ill than ever before as you continue on your way. You can barely down your
ration.
22756: You leave the broken man behind and walk on to the General's tent. When
you decide to turn around and have another look, you can no longer see him.
22868: You walk through the mud for a few minutes and arrive at the General's
tent. The rain should cleanse you, but instead it makes you feel ill. Not too
far away, you can see the man who woke you up approaching with a box in his
hands.
23036: Wait for the man to arrive.
23056: Go inside.
23064: You wait, but the man angrily waves at you that you should go in.
Deciding that it would be best to avoid this man's wrath, you enter the tent.
23172: Inside, there is a large metal table covered with maps and documents of
all sorts. Three men are standing by the table, their eyes as cold as the
night. When they see you, they gesture for you to come to the table.          

  'Welcome, soldier,' one of them says in a flat tone.          
   'Do you
know why you have been brought here?'          
   'Yes, sir. You have a job- a
mission for me.'          
   'That is correct.'          
   One of the three
men, the General, comes closer. There is a sense of nothingness about him, of
empty places and despair.          
   'This mission is of critical importance
to the war effort, but due to the current conditions, we cannot afford to send
in a large number of men; the enemy is too close, and such a move would draw
his attention. Nevertheless, move we must, to eliminate a dangerous individual
that is a threat both to our morale and to the safety of our operations.'      
   
   He takes out a map of the area and points to a place several miles to
the north.          
   'At the location that I have marked resides said
individual, named Los, in a small chapel upon a hill. Do not be deceived by his
appearance; he has aided the enemy on many occasions and has caused the
desertion of a number of our troops. He must be eliminated without mercy. Do
you understand?'
24204: Say yes.
24212: Ask for more information.
24232: Ask why you were chosen.
24858: a backpack and some rations. He also hands you a photograph of an
old-looking bearded man with white hair and fierce eyes.       
   'That's the
sucker you have to take out. You think you're up to it?'         
   He spits
on the ground. You don't answer.         
   'Faggot.'         
   He turns
around and leaves you.
25096: You set out from the camp at around noon. It is cold and wet, and the
sky is covered in dark clouds.       
   You feel ill.       
   The road you
follow winds through the hills and appears to be empty; you meet no-one. After
an hour or two, you walk by a rotting corpse. He appears to have been a
soldier, but the body is in too bad a state to tell which side he was on. 
    
     
   (Thousands of others have fought and died on this very spot, ages ago.
Their names are forgotten, their causes gone. Their bones are buried below your
feet. You do not know this.)       
         
   Walking on, you come to a
bridge over a small river. As you near it, you hear a sudden bang and a bullet
lands not very far from you. It appears to have come from the bushes on the
hill to your left.      
   You look around, but can find no suitable cover.
25700: The figure comes to a halt a few feet away from you. Slowly you realize
how small it is, no taller than - a child.          
   The weapon in its hands
is harmless now, and you look at the child's face. It appears to be a little
boy, although it's hard to tell through the blood. His torso is covered with
wounds.          
   You wonder for a few seconds whether you could save him,
but you know that he is already dead. There is no hope.          
   You move
on after vomiting over the bridge.          
   You feel ill.
26080: Sprint for the bridge.
26096: Shoot towards the possible location of the enemy.
26132: Throw a grenade up the hill.
26152: Moving as quickly as you can, you grab a grenade and toss it up the
hill. Then you fall onto the ground to cover yourself as much as possible from
the debris.             
   The explosion is quick and brutal. You hear a
shriek as the grenade goes off, and then pieces of human flesh land on you. You
jump up, fighting the urge to vomit, and run off towards the river. No need to
take a closer look at the remains.
26452: You run towards the bridge as fast as you can. Another shot is fired,
but it does not hit you. You keep on running, until you are sure that you're
not being followed. Then you pause to take a deep breath, and continue walking.
You notice that your hands are still shaking a bit from the fear.
26668: You pull out your gun while another shot is fired, missing you by a good
distance.        
   You aim.        
   And fire.   
   Fire.   
   fire   
  
There's a shrill scream from the bushes and a figure rises, holding a gun that
is pointed at you.
26856: Shoot.
26864: Shout for the person to surrener.
26888: You shoot the figure, and it topples over. Rolling down the hill, it
leaves a trail of blood. Conflicting feelings of disgust and triumph arise in
your soul.
27010: urrender immediately and I will not shoot!' you shout.        
   The
figure clutches at a wound on its chest for a moment; then it falls over and
rolls down the hill, leaving a trail of blood.
27152: Hours pass. You walk on. It is getting dark now, and you have to eat
something and rest. You're still not anywhere near the swamp or the outpost.
You feel horribly tired and dirty.              
   Pulling out a blanket from
your backpack, you think about where to rest.
27352: Rest on the road.
27368: Rest on the hill.
27384: Look for another place to rest.
27406: You decide to rest on the hill. There are some bushes which will hide
you well enough and there are fewer stones up there.
27504: You look for another place to rest, and find that there are some large
bushes on a hill not far from the road. It makes sense to rest there - it's
safe, and the bushes offer some protection from the icy wind.
27658: You decide to rest on the road. Despite the earlier incident, the road
appears to be quite safe, and at least you'll be safe from the wind down here.
27770: You feel cold.       
          
   So cold.       
          
   There
is a sound in the distance. Is someone screaming? You're not certain. No, it
must something else. It sounds like the voices of the damned.       
         

   And there's a smell... beyond words. The smell of death.       
          

  You feel ill.       
          
   As you move closer, you see the first
piece of flesh lying on the road. It is covered in flies, and it is screaming. 
     
          
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH     
          
   You feel
as if you might collapse.
28208: Walk into the hills and avoid the road for a while.
28244: Walk on.
28252: You climb up a hill and attempt to  continue on your way while avoiding
the road. At first, it seems to work. The screams (death death death death
death) aren't quite as loud anymore, and the stench is more bearable. But after
a few minutes of walking through the muddy hills,  a different sound arises: a
wailing of unspeakable sorrow and despair.       
          
    As you crest a
tall and particularly steep hill, you come upon a scene of utter desolation.
The ground in front of you is burned and covered in ashes. Scorched pieces of
flesh lie scattered.    
            
   You feel ill.         
            
  
The burned ground covers a large area. In its middle, straight in your path,
stands a ghost.
28760: Talk to ghost.
28772: Avoid ghost.
28782: You approach the ghost. It is wearing the uniform of the enemy. Before
you can manage to say something, it looks up at you and speaks.      
        

   'Kill me.'
28920: Shoot the apparition.
28936: Without taking a closer look at the wailing apparition, you  walk across
the burned earth towards the next hill. The ghost does not seem to see you, but
you feel colder than ever before. The world seems to have lost what little
color it had left.      
         
   The smell seems to be gone completely
now. You decide to get back to the road. It would not be good to get lost now.
29210: You pull out your gun and shoot the ghost. The bullet flies through it
and hits the ground.         
   The ghost stares.         
   'How?'         

  'You are already dead.'         
   'But I'm still here! Why am I still here?
I cannot stand this anymore! I have to get out! I want to leave! I want to
disappear! Why can't I get out?'         
   You begin to walk away. The ghost
wails. You climb the next hill and leave the ghost behind you. The wailing
remains in your ears and does not leave.
29586: You begin to walk away. The ghost wails.        
   'Please! Please kill
me!'        
   'I cannot help you,' you say, and continue walking.        
  
'Please! PLEASE! KILL ME! KILL ME!'        
   The ghost wails louder. Tears
come to your eyes.        
   'I CAN'T STAND IT! KILL ME! KILL ME! PLEASE!'    
   
   The last word turns into a howl. You climb the next hill and leave the
ghost behind you. The wailing remains in your ears and does not leave.
31136: Shoot.
31144: Walk on.
31152: The eyes are filled with insects, crawling where there should be such
beauty...      
   You vomit.      
         
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH 
    
         
   Everything comes out.      
         
   DEATH DEATH DEATH
DEATH DEATH      
         
   You feel as if you were vomiting out your soul. 
    
         
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH      
         
   You try to
walk on, but convulsions shake your body as more vomit erupts from your mouth.
You try to scream, but cannot. Your jacket is stained.      
         
   DEATH
DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH      
         
   the eyes      
         
   DEATH
DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH      
         
   you vomit      
         
   DEATH
DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH      
         
   it's over      
         
   you
crawl      
         
   and try to get up      
         
   You manage to
breathe, and get up. Your jacket is covered with vomit and blood. You remove
your few possessions, put them in your backpack, and throw the jacket away.    
 
         
   You feel ill.      
         
   The sky is filled with black
clouds, but there is no rain.
32048: Shaking, you walk on.       
          
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH
      
          
   The road is covered in screaming pieces of flesh. The
smell makes you want to vomit.       
          
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH
DEATH       
          
   Flies are everywhere, feasting on the flesh.       

          
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH       
          
   You walk on.
The flies rise in clouds as you pass by, then settle back down to continue
their meal.       
          
   DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH       
         

   A face. This one is not just flesh - it's a face. A child's face. The eyes
are missing, the bloody holes filled with insects.       
          
   DEATH
DEATH DEATH DEATH DEATH
32648: Vomit.
32656: Vomit.
32664: Vomit.
32670: Hours pass. It is getting dark. The landscape seems threatening in the
night, strange shapes gathering in the shadows. You feel small, and terribly
insignificant. For a few seconds your mind starts to question the meaning of
your mission, but you immediately banish such thoughts, knowing that they can
only lead to madness.        
           
   A new stench invades your
nostrils, but this one seems more natural. It is the smell of old, rotten
things, of unmoving waters filled with slime.        
           
   You have
reached the swamp. A small light can be seen in the distance, just a few feet
from the road.        
           
   A soldier is coming towards you. He is
pointing his gun at you.
33176: Say the password.
33192: Ask him to stop.
33210: top. I am not the enemy.'       
   'Yeah? How do I know?'       
   'I
know the password.'       
   'Yeah? Then say it.'
33312: Say the password.
33326: You fight back as hard as you can, but their grip is very powerful.
Managing to free one of your arms, you hit one of your attackers in the face,
breaking his nose. Screaming, he lets you go, and you fall to the ground, on
top of the other man.
33512: Grab your knife from the backpack.
33536: Try to find your gun.
33552: Hit the man below you.
33568: Run.
33578: eah, no use struggling. Come with us quietly and it'll be painless.'    
  
   The two men drag you outside. You hear a gun being loaded.       
   'One
moment of pain and then it'll be over.'       
   'Don't talk. Kill him.'      

   In a sudden movement, you punch the man with the gun in the face and kick
the other in the groin. Both moan and fall to the ground. A shot goes off, and
one of the men screams.       
          
   Moving as quickly as your battered
body allows you, you run out the door and towards the swamp. You are getting
nearer, nearer - until you almost run off a precipice. Catching your breath,
you look down. It's several yards down to the swamp. You could            
    
          
   -BANG-            
               
   an explosion of PAIN in
your leg            
               
                
                
        
       
                
                
                
                
   
            
                
                
                
               

                
                
    you are falling
34536: You try to find your gun and realize that it was in the hands of the man
now lying below you. He has dropped it, however, and it's lying only a few feet
away from you. As the man below you struggles to get up, you reach for it and
shoot him in the head. Blood splatters your face.        
                
  
You get up and look for the other man, but cannnot find him. Moving as quickly
as your battered body allows you, you run out the door and towards the swamp.
You are getting nearer, nearer - until you almost run off a precipice. Catching
your breath, you look down. It's several yards down to the swamp. You could    
        
                
   -BANG-             
                
   an
explosion of PAIN in your leg             
                
                 
 
               
                 
                 
                 
         
       
                 
                 
                 
                

                 
                 
                 
                 
   
you are falling
35466: The man below you is reaching for your throat. Just before he manages to
start strangling you, you hit him on the forehead with all your strength. His
eyes glaze over as his head slams into the floor.      
         
   You get up
and look for the other man, but cannnot find him. Moving as quickly as your
battered body allows you, you run out the door and towards the swamp. You are
getting nearer, nearer - until you almost run off a precipice. Catching your
breath, you look down. It's several yards down to the swamp. You could         
 
              
   -BANG-           
              
   an explosion of PAIN in
your leg           
              
               
               
            
  
               
               
               
               
            
  
               
               
               
               
            
  
               
    you are falling
36286: You manage to get your knife out of your backpack before either of the
two men can recover. With a swift motion, you cut the throat of the man lying
below you. He emits a strange sound, struggles for a few moments, then dies.
His ghost rises from his body and slithers away.           
              
  
You get up and look for the other man, but cannnot find him. Moving as quickly
as your battered body allows you, you run out the door and towards the swamp.
You are getting nearer, nearer - until you almost run off a precipice. Catching
your breath, you look down. It's several yards down to the swamp. You could    
      
              
   -BANG-           
              
   an explosion of
PAIN in your leg           
              
               
               
    
          
               
               
               
               
    
          
               
               
               
               
    
          
               
    you are falling
38322: a little girl's eyes         
   'That much?'         
   'Yes.'        

   A dark, terrifying sound. You are caught in the gears.         
   'OK.'   
     
   'Now.'         
   'No, not now. I'm not going to ruin the bed for
this half-dead fucker. Outside.'         
   eyes         
   'Now.'         
 
 a wheel of fire         
   'No. Outside, or I kill you instead of him and say
you tried to sneak up on me in the night. They'll even give me a fucking
medal.'         
   'OK. Outside. But now!'         
   You are awakened from
your fitful sleep by hands grabbing you and pulling you out of bed.
38792: Struggle against their grip.
38812: Let them drag you outside, then surprise them by fighting back suddenly
when they're not expecting it.
38884: Moving as quickly as your battered body allows you, you run out the door
and towards the swamp. You are getting nearer, nearer - until you almost run
off a precipice. Catching your breath, you look down. It's several yards down
to the swamp. You could           
              
   -BANG-           
        
     
   an explosion of PAIN in your leg           
              
           
   
               
               
               
               
           
   
               
               
               
               
           
   
               
               
               
    you are falling
39710: ------------------------------             
           
           
  
Here stands the Great Machine;                    
   Its eyes are gold and
silver,                    
   And its name is Urizen.                    
    
                  
                       
   THE ARGUMENT                    

                      
   The Great Machine!                    
   Ever does
it turn, marching forward into eternity,                    
   Turning the
blood of men into history;                    
   Caught in its terrible gears,
the world wails;                    
   Turning, turning, ever turning:        
           
   The end is marked by a wheel of fire.                    
      
               
                      
                     
  
------------------------------
40960: Crawl.
41316: Move towards the road.
41332: Move away from the road.
43276: That's not a command you can use.
43300: Are you sure you want to restart?

