 manner. 
This new location is not much different from the one you came from. The shadows are still moving around at random through the abyss, reverberating with strange sounds and coloured light. Suddenly there is a new element in your dream, one you have never experienced before. A sense of blinding fear threatens to overwhelm you as a shape appears close to you. There is nothing visually different about it, but you can't bear looking at it for very long. 
In your current state of fear your mind and body refuse to cooperate. The shadow disappears somewhere. A slave under someone else's will, you find yourself moving towards a place you have never seen before. Roof The city below you is ancient. Dark domes and steep roofs form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. You are standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. An iron railing of strange design circles the perimeter of the roof and a winding staircase leads down. 
The city below you is ancient. Dark domes and steep roofs form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. You are standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. An iron railing of strange design circles the perimeter of the roof and a winding staircase leads down. 
Dust and spider webs cover all surfaces in this room in a soft silver gleam, blurring the outlines of the furnishings into fantastic, dreamy forms. The walls are lined with bookshelves and a lone desk lies at one corner. Close to a staircase, which leads further up and down the tower, is a massive table made of black stone. A doorway leads to a smaller room to the south. On the desk is a yellow paper. 
This damp hall occupies the whole ground level of the tower. A staircase provides access to the higher levels, while a massive oak door, set in the southern wall, leads out. 
This is a minor storage chamber, connected to the study through a doorway in the northern wall. There are some shelves, mostly vacant, here. On one of the shelves are four small vials, each neatly labelled and containing some green powder. 
A carpeting of old brown leaves from past winters rustle about on the ground in the breeze and drift listlessly across a cracked, stained, pale green tennis court with a rotting net. In one corner of the court yard an impressively large oak tree casts long shadows in the dimming light. The acorns nestled among the tree's massive branches and vividly healthy leaves are new and green. Near the tree is a quaint looking well of crumbling stone. A rusty tin pail rests in the grass near the ball machine. The tennis ball launching machine sitting in one corner of the yard looks like a relic from the 1930s. 
 [The Court Yard] Court Yard A good sized courtyard with an air of late British colonialism about it. To the west, in the direction the sun is setting, is a high, grey stone wall with an ornate iron gate set into the rock. The walls of a large stone mansion rise several stories into the chilly evening air to the east, north, and south. In the east wall, two or three stories up, is a large window. On top of the west wall, above and to the right of the gate, is a large squirrels nest made of sticks, twigs, and leaves. A carpeting of old brown leaves from past winters rustle about on the ground in the breeze and drift listlessly across a cracked, stained, pale green tennis court with a rotting net. In one corner of the court yard an impressively large oak tree casts long shadows in the dimming light. The acorns nestled among the tree's massive branches and vividly healthy leaves are new and green. Near the tree is a quaint looking well of crumbling stone. A rusty tin pail rests in the grass near the ball machine. The tennis ball launching machine sitting in one corner of the yard looks 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. 
You' re in a sunny meadow. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West. You can also see: sleeping Dragon - sign reads- IN SOME CASES MUD IS GOOD, IN OTHERS... 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - rusty axe (magic word- BUNYON -on it) - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
You' re in a quick-sand bog. Obvious exits: none! You can also see: *SMALL STATUE OF A BLUE OX* 
 
You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building. Around you is a forest. A small stream flows out of the building and down a gully. 
You have walked up a hill, still in the forest. The road slopes back down the other side of the hill. There is a building in the distance. 
You are in open forest, with a deep valley to one side. 
You are in a valley in the forest beside a stream tumbling along a rocky bed. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. There is a shiny brass lamp nearby. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. There is a shiny brass lamp nearby. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. 
You are in open forest near both a valley and a road. 
At your feet all the water of the stream splashes into a 2-inch slit in the rock. Downstream the streambed is bare rock. 
You are in a 20-foot depression floored with bare dirt. Set into the dirt is a strong steel grate mounted in concrete. A dry streambed leads into the depression. 
In the Mud Rain and muddy water are pouring down on you, making it difficult to see or even breathe. Sodden earth and mud surrounds you on all sides except overhead, where flashes of lightning illuminate a storm tossed sky. 
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. Lightning arcs overhead, followed instantly by a blast of thunder. 
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. 
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. A blast of thunder rattles the ground. 
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. For a brief moment, hail pounds against you then subsides. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. Lightning arcs overhead, followed instantly by a blast of thunder. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. With a loud CRACK, a bolt of lightning strikes the steeple of the church. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. With a loud CRACK, a bolt of lightning strikes the steeple of the church. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. For a brief moment, hail pounds against you then subsides. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. The dog growls at you threateningly. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. The dog growls at you threateningly. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. The dog leaps at you, raking your chest with its claws and leaving a trail of red. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. You feel a flash of searing pain as the dog latches onto your side with its teeth. A blast of thunder rattles the ground. 
( on the chair) Type 'help' for the information and hints menu . Your Office (on the chair) Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. Your handy black rucksack is in a heap on the floor. Your desk fills nearly half the room. You rub your forehead and stretch. You've been in this business a long time now. 
( on the chair) Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. Your handy black rucksack is in a heap on the floor. Your desk fills nearly half the room. And you can't help remembering how it all began.. Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. 
' help' for the information and hints menu . Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. Umberto and the accomplice throw down their napkins - it looks like they've finished. 
' help' for the information and hints menu . Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. The accomplice leaves, and you let him go. You are not here for him. 
' help' for the information and hints menu . Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. Umberto sits alone. 
Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. The chef wanders into the room, and offers Elskin a glass of water, which he takes and drinks. 
Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. Umberto Elskin leaves the restaurant and enters the street. Elskin is now standing here. This could be your only chance! 
( on the chair) . Your Office (on the chair) Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. Your handy black rucksack is in a heap on the floor. Your desk fills nearly half the room. There is a knock on the door. 
You are in a carrot field in the middle of a graveyard. Fog is all around you. A wall is to the north, too high to climb. 
You are in a walled graveyard. A black wall is to the south. Many tombstones are in this area--so many, in fact, you have to climb over some of them. You see a scrap of paper here. 
You are in a walled graveyard. A black wall is to the south. Many tombstones are in this area--so many, in fact, you have to climb over some of them. 
You are in a dark graveyard. A wall covered with moss is to the west, a coffin is in sight to the north, and an empty well lies in the middle of all the fog. 
You are at a coffin in a graveyard, with walls to the north, east, and west. A blue mist hangs over the graveyard. The coffin is closed. 
You are in a gloomy graveyard, with a wall to the south, and plenty of fog all around you. A large hole surrounded by gravestones leads down into gloom. A skeleton that was guarding the hole faces toward you, and holds his stand, not allowing you to you into the hole. You see a skeleton here. 
You are in a very dark tunnel. The tunnel heads to the east, while a hole in the ceiling allows exit from the darkness. You see a torch here. 
You are in a tunnel of extreme darkness. You can barely make out exits to all directions except up and down. 
You are in a medium-size room covered with slime from ceiling to floor. Your feet stick to the slippery ground. Some grey ooze guards the westward corridor. 
You are in a foggy graveyard. A stream is to the north, a field can be seen to the west, and all the rest only fog can be seen. The stream looks shallow enough to cross. 
Mother has just dropped you off at your slightly eccentric Aunt Lidia's house, or "pad" as Lidia calls it. Auntie Lidia told you she is catching forty winks and not to disturb her beauty sleep. Now you can get back to your goal in life... CANDY An Attempt at Reliving Childhood By Rybread Celsius. '97 THIS IS BETA ONE, TYPE HELP FOR INFO. Release 1 / Serial number 970621 / Inform v6.11 Library 6/4 D Standard interpreter 1.0 Foyer Your not quite sure what a foyer is, but you are most certain you are in one. Auntie has told you enough times. It's a pleasant enough room, with a carpet like a shaggy dog and nice wallpaper showing pictures of little fairies playing. To the south is the door to outside. There are also stairs leading up and exits to the east and west. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = af77) (will ignore further occurrences) 
Your not quite sure what a foyer is, but you are most certain you are in one. Auntie has told you enough times. It's a pleasant enough room, with a carpet like a shaggy dog and nice wallpaper showing pictures of little fairies playing. To the south is the door to outside. There are also stairs leading up and exits to the east and west. 
This hallway contains pictures you sent your Aunt. It flows east to west. You can see a window here. 
Aunt is renowned for her slim figure. She's been dieting for 48 years and has used many methods, which can be seen lying about in this room. There's that Gwenni Kraig refrigerator lock she got for loosing her fourth pound. On the counter top is a for home use "ankle fat reduction suite", though it looks like a tiny lipo-sucker to your eyes. Next to it sits one of those long cigars that women smoke. Finally, on the floor is a knife with some instructions next to it. Your hopes of finding candy shrink closer to despair. You can see a lyrics and linear notes to DEATH FOR VANITY II by DESTROY! here. 
In the Carpet You are in the midst of the white monster. Your sure that if you dropped anything it could definaintly be found here. It's not that interesting down here, or not what you would excpect. No Fraggles, and the roots of the shags are pretty nasty. A wild patch of cotton candy has taken up root here. Entagled in the shag is a lone jawbreaker. 
 hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. A dull star stands out against the cloudless twilight sky. It will soon hit the earth four hundred miles away. People stand around you. . 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. A dull star stands out against the cloudless twilight sky. It will soon hit the earth four hundred miles away. People stand around you. . The star is quite bright now and is moving almost unnoticeably west. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. A dull star stands out against the cloudless twilight sky. It will soon hit the earth four hundred miles away. People stand around you. . The star continues its slow move west. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. People stand around you. . The western sky becomes red. Masses of glowing, billowing smoke shoots into sight. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. People stand around you. . A great wall of water suddenly roars out of the sea. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. People stand around you. . The wave breaks over the city. The houses disappear under the water. All up and down the coast the same thing is happening. The sky is now howling with wind. Red as fire, a hurricane has formed. Trees are being ripped up. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. People stand around you. . At last the wall of water hits you. In slow motion you see the white massiveness come towards you, unbelievably fast. You turn away and crouch into a ball. You are spun round. You recognise that there is no escape. You had assumed that one way or another you would survive the asteroid, but now you realise that this is the end. You know what happens next. Your view fades and you feel yourself 
You are in a space ship, you would guess in the control capsule. It looks like a white cylinder, about 2 metres long and diameter 2 metres. Slight gravity. Wires are taped together and to the wall. A hatch leads down. A computer shows the status of various ship functions. All lights are green at the moment. . You can also see a window and a knife here. 
Narrow tunnel. You are in a narrow tunnel. It has three exits. One of them you have already decided is up and leads to the control capsule. Two more that you will arbitrarily designate north and south. 
You are in a space ship, you would guess in the control capsule. It looks like a white cylinder, about 2 metres long and diameter 2 metres. Slight gravity. Wires are taped together and to the wall. A hatch leads down. . A computer shows the status of various ship functions. All lights are green at the moment. You can also see a window and a knife here. 
Sleeping quarters You are in what is clearly the crew's sleeping quarters. There must be at least ten people sleeping here. A hatchway leads further to the north, but you dare not go any further. You don't know how to answer the awkward questions they will ask if they find you. You don't really know why you are here. Have you taken the body of someone here, will they recognise you as one of their own? you don't know. Sometimes when you are teleported somewhere you are given your own body, sometimes you take over someone elses. Whatever happens, it's not the body you had in the last scene, you worked this out from the fact that your legs are not broken, your ribs are rib-like, your face has not been mangled and you have air in your lungs. 
Life support You enter what you recognise as a life support module. Wires everywhere. Fans suck air into one wall and blow it out again somewhere else. Other life support aparatus is around. Water purification devices for instance . You can also see a fan and a life support machinery here. 
You are in a space ship, you would guess in the control capsule. It looks like a white cylinder, about 2 metres long and diameter 2 metres. Slight gravity. Wires are taped together and to the wall. A hatch leads down. . A computer shows the status of various ship functions. All lights are green at the moment. You can also see a window here. 
You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (in which is a Change of Clothes) here. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (in which is a Change of Clothes) here. The clock strikes the half-hour. Your mother calls from the other room that you need to hurry. 
This is the old familiar Upstairs Hall. There are doors leading East, North and South, and stairs leading down. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (in which is a Change of Clothes) here. The clock strikes again. Fifteen minutes before time to go. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. . Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. . Colin is helping load the bus. Your friend Ryan shows up with his Mom. With a wink and grin at you, he grabs his pack and sleeping bag from the car and kisses his mom goodbye. 'Hey', he calls at you. 'Let's help load the bus!'. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. You and your friend Ryan help load the bus. You get in the line and start passing equipment down the line.'This pack is heavy,' Ryan moans. 'What did I pack in here that's so heavy?' He digs through his pack and pulls out a 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. 'My mom packed me some snickers,' chortles Ryan. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. Most of the gear is loaded on the bus now, and you get to wander off for a bit. Ryan wanders off with you. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster looks to see how the bus loading is going. Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan digs in his pack for a minute and pulls out his permission slip. he checks it carefully, nods to himself, and puts it away.'Man, I forgot to study for my History test,' says Ryan. 'I hope Mr. Grumpy grades on a curve 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster looks to see how the bus loading is going. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan digs through his pack. 'Doggone it,' he gripes. 'I forgot something.' 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. Well, the Scoutmaster has signalled that it's time to pray and move out.As each boy boards the bus, the Scoutmaster collects his permission slip.The scoutmaster waits while you search your things, but your permission slip 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher cries out in disgust, anguish, and madness. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The wind picks up a nebula of dust then dies down again. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher swoops down and steals your hat and proceeds to chew on it. You can see a Vulcher here. [Your score has just gone down by five points.] 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher peers down at you looking for something to steal. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . Red clouds form off in the distance. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher taunts you from up above. You can see a Vulcher here. 
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. Deep throbbing rumbles vibrate from your surroundings. You can see a Cauldron here. 
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. A flash of light distracts you from the otherwise terrifying place. You can see a Cauldron here. 
The inside of a coffee mug You find yourself on the inside of a white coffee mug. If it wasn't for the faint breeze of a diner fan above you it would be hard to tell where you were. It is a good thing the contents of this cup have been drunk already although you can still make out the scent of a freshly poured cup of Joe. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. You smell breakfast being cooked above you. 
The inside of a coffee mug You find yourself on the inside of a white coffee mug. If it wasn't for the faint breeze of a diner fan above you it would be hard to tell where you were. It is a good thing the contents of this cup have been drunk already although you can still make out the scent of a freshly poured cup of Joe. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. What confounded science has brewed the pot of coffee likely just finished by a diner patron? You begin to realize the enormity of the void and the vast potential it stores. Are you still in control of it? 
All lights in the diner seem extraordinarily dim. The jukebox in the corner glows yellow and red and purple casting its colors onto the table and pictures on the walls. Only barstools and a bar stand in this diner. It is a cramped little place not unlike a sort of hopeless retreat for the sinners and loners. The exit lies through the door left ajar to the southwest. . A waitress leans against the counter staring out the window. You can see in her eyes the image of a soulless individual. You can see a Jukebox and a Baroness here. 
An old woman on the side of the street beckons you to hear her plead for forgiveness. Her gaze does not lie on you however, but rather at the cobblestone below, still damp and reflecting the faint yellow glow from the streetlight. You stand at the corner of a boutique and butcher's shop. Tenements covered in grime and accessed through bolted doors prove this street's vacancy. Old rusty cars pass down the street, their drivers hidden inside the dingy metal boxes. A group of rats fester in a knocked over garbage can. You can see an Old Woman here. 
An old woman on the side of the street beckons you to hear her plead for forgiveness. Her gaze does not lie on you however, but rather at the cobblestone below, still damp and reflecting the faint yellow glow from the streetlight. You stand at the corner of a boutique and butcher's shop. Tenements covered in grime and accessed through bolted doors prove this street's vacancy. A rumble of thunder booms throughout the night sky You can see an Old Woman here. 
You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. Let's hope you don't accidently get knocked over the edge. You can see a White Knight here. 
You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. The cliff must be an impenetrable wall from the perspective of those down below. You can see a White Knight here. 
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. On the massive pedestal is the Toaster of Battle Creek. You can see a rocket pack and a coyote skeleton here. 
This is a small, featureless room with no exits apart from the one to the west. Mysteriously, a red rubber ball is sitting on the floor. 
This is a small, featureless room with no exits apart from the one to the west. 
You are on a busy street. You can see a tall office building. Exits are: South. 
You are on a busy street. You can see a tall office building. Exits are: South. You think that they are on to you... You hear noises. 
You are on a busy street. You can see a tall office building. Exits are: South. Oh No! They've caught up to you! They pull out guns! . *** You have died *** . In that game you scored 0 out of a possible 0, in 400 turns. Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game or QUIT? 
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. 
Servant' s Room Once upon a time, servants in great houses lived in awful little crevices and excuses for rooms like this one. They must have been in permanent danger of suffocation, for there are no windows and only a doorway to the west. A bed is still kept here, and the sight of it brings on drowsiness in all this warm stuffy air. All you want to do is curl up and sleep. There's a little book on the tiny bedside table. An old striped scarf hangs up behind the doorway. 
Servant' s Room Once upon a time, servants in great houses lived in awful little crevices and excuses for rooms like this one. They must have been in permanent danger of suffocation, for there are no windows and only a doorway to the west. A bed is still kept here, and the sight of it brings on drowsiness in all this warm stuffy air. All you want to do is curl up and sleep. An old striped scarf hangs up behind the doorway. 
Beginning of the End Mysterious, mysterious shadows dart about the room; the stench of evil is afoot. Glory and justice lie to the north. Your friend, Snam, lies dead on the floor, face up. 
Kitchen of Evil You've made it to Doctor Nova's kitchen, a feat that few have accomplished (and even less have lived to talk about!). You size up the place, trying to see what one so evil munches on when plotting the pain, death, and suffering of innocents. There are exits to the north, south, and east. You can see a refrigerator (which is closed) here. 
Closet of Horrors For someone who concocts complicated, concise schemes involving the death of innocents, Doctor Nova really doesn't know how to keep a clean closet! You can barely move in all of this junk; you can barely see as well. The kitchen is to the west. You can see a dustbuster here. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy plays with some dolls, looking down at you every so often mischieviously. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy says, "I like when you come here." 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. "I wish I had a pet," Thrappy confides. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy smells the flower in his lapel in an exaggerated manner and beams with pride. 
I want you to solve it before we get any bad publicity or the FBI has to come in. "Yessir!" You reply. He hands you a sheet of paper. Once you have read it, go north or west. You can see a piece of white paper here. 
I want you to solve it before we get any bad publicity or the FBI has to come in. "Yessir!" You reply. He hands you a sheet of paper. Once you have read it, go north or west. 
You are in a closet. There is a gun on the floor. Better get it. To exit, go east. You can see a small black pistol here. 
You are outside in the cold. To the east is a dead end. To the west is the rest of the street. Papers are blowing around. It's amazingly cold for this time of year. 
You are still on the streets. To the north is a restraunt where the mayor ate often. To the east is the Mayor's home. 
 the foggy street The is fog everywhere, obscuring the entire landscape. Max feels suddenly like a huge cloud has lifted him up and taken him away. He wonders where he has gone. 
 the bedroom Max is in bed with his grandfather Willie. Willie is snoring quite loudly. Max turns over to tell his grandfather to be quiet when he is assailed by the smell of grandfather's breath. Willie is fond of cigars and they give his breath the aroma of used dragon smoke. Max starts to get out of bed, but finds he is surrounded by an impenetrable darkness. The bed seems to be floating. Willie begins talking in his sleep. "What's the matter with you," he says. "You never listen to anything I tell you. You think you're so smart. You're a bum just like your father. Never listen to me." Willie begins to swing his hands in his sleep. Max ducks and dodges. Finally he lifts his pillow in self defense. Under the pillow is a wet cigar. The wet cigar is burnt on one end and chewed on the other. 
 the theatre Max is onstage. He is dressed in kahki fatigues. His head is shaved. He is playing the part of man trapped inside his own skin. Three other people, his "family" try to tell he is alright. But he is not alright. He is misunderstood. He cannot even begin to articulate how he feels. But there is a panic inside him, growing more desparate by the moment. He begins to scoop water out of a large metal pot and watch it trickle back. he does this for some time. the movement comforts him. then the panic strikes again. He spies something shiny in the water. He reaches in and grasps the object and hurls it into the air. A huge fish flies across the stage and lands wetly a few feet away. Everyone is suddenly very quiet. A huge fish lies at your feet. 
 the study Max is in cantor Diamond's study. The cantor is a tall man with an open face and kind eyes. Max is listening to him sing a passage from the haftorah. Morris Diamond has the most beautiful voice in the world. Long before Max has ever heard opera, he has heard enough of Morris Diamond to change his life forever. When he hears the cantor sing he is swept up in the peculair feeling of tremendous joy and unspeakable sorrow. The cantor's voice touches him in a way that Max can never forget. Morris asks Max to repeat the passage. Although he does not have a bad singing voice, his chanting cannot compare with the cantor's. Max begins to weep, not for his lack of talent, but for his lack of feeling. How could he follow such a voice. Morris Diamond goes to his desk and opens a drawer. He takes out a small book and places it on the table before Max. You can see a small book here. 
 the parlor Max is sitting next to Cora on a large green couch. It is the hottest day of the summer. They are content to sip lemonade, chat softly and wait for Cora's roommate to leave the stuffy apartment. Max's desire for Cora is finally answered as she slips into his arms. He unbottons her blouse and beholds a vision that will mark him for the rest of his life. Cora's breasts are beautiful She wears a small silver cross around her neck which falls with erotic precision in the tuck of her cleavage. A drop of sweat has beaded up on Cora's collar bone and falls slowly down to meet the cross. For Max, the drop of sweat is pure magic, the most remarkable thing he has ever witnessed in his entire life. Cora looks at him warmly and smiles. 
 the cobble street Max is walking down a cobble street when a small boy, perhaps a year old, falls to the pavement from a second story window. The baby gasps and then does not move. For a moment, Max is paralyzed with horror. Before he can recover, a woman comes running out of the house screaming, "my baby, my baby." She lifts the child up high into the air above her, sobbing hysterically. She runs back inside the house and closes the door behind her. 
 the alley Max watches four young girls jump rope in a red bricked alley not far from his home. They play with an intensity that precludes any awareness that they are watched. The rope skips across the concrete as the girls chant with great seriousness, "Cinderella Dressed in yell-a Went upstairs to see her fella How many kisses did she get: One... two... three..." Suddenly the eldest girl spins around and stares at Max. The other girls all fall in behind her. The jump rope lies on the ground, lifeless. 
 the hospital Max is in the operating room of a hospital. His wife is on the operating table, breathing quite heavily. There are several doctors and nurses in the room. He tries to touch one of them but his hand passes right through. His wife is breathing heavier now. He goes to her, tries to talk to her. She does not hear. A nurse comes up to Max and tells him if he is cannot calm down he will have to leave. He watches quietly as they cut open his wife's stomach. He watches the birth of his son. The nurse comes up to him, handing him the baby. The doctors have begun to sew up his wife. "You will have to leave now," the nurse says. He looks down at his baby son, but the child is gone. 
 the forest Max is in the woods near his house. It is a crisp autumn day. His nostrils flare as he picks up the scent of burning leaves. Every autumn old man Whittaker sets the woods on fire. All the kids in the neighborhood tell their parents, but they are not believed. So each autumn, the woods behind their rowhouse burns. the firemen come out with their trucks. Several hours later the fire will be out for another year. But now is the time of greatest danger. The forest is blazing all around Max. He feels the heat of the flames on his face. If he doesn't move soon he will become part of the blaze. Max hopes he does not step in any poison ivy. 
 the patch Max find himself in the only part of the forest not in flames, a patch of poison ivy. He walks through it gingerly trying not to touch anthing, but he is already beginning to feel itchy all over his body. 
 the raging fire Max is surrounded by flames. The whole forest is burning! If Max does not do something soon, he will be burned alive. 
 the frozen lake It is after the first snowfall of winter. The lake has frozen solid. Max stands on the newly formed ice and listens to the quietness. He can hear the tinkle of icecicles banging against each other in the wind as they hang off the evergreen brahcnes. Max feels he is at he center of the universe and that center is calm. He thinks of Morris Diamond. Max can hear the faint sound of a dog barking two miles away. 
Special thanks to Adam Trionfo, Justin Morgan, Roger Firth, Jim Fisher, Clark Sipsy, Joe Kollar and Rioshin an'Harthen. Release 1 / Serial number 071205 / Inform v6.31 Library 6/11 S Baer Boulevard People walk up and down this ribbon of old brick buildings, alternately holding hands and giving each other the finger. Since you're on vacation, you try to remain patient long enough to take in the sights; but since these are mostly made up of the immense hotel to the south, inside which is the convention, you find this difficult. Alleys open to the southeast and southwest, and a nearby manhole gapes from within caution signs. Amazingly, given their various apparent conditions, the passersby seem to be heeding this advice (enough to avoid actually falling in, anyway). (Enter ABOUT for more information, or HINTS as a last resort.) . 
Standard interpreter 1.0 Computer Lab A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. Everyone is still, apparently they can't think and type at the same time. You can also see a computer and a back pack (which is closed) here. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = 87bf) (will ignore further occurrences) 
A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. Everyone is still, apparently they can't think and type at the same time. You can also see a computer and a back pack (which is closed) here. 
The halls are quiet this late at night, and the squeak of your sneakers on the tiles seems loud as a result. The locked doors and dark rooms indicate that most people went home hours ago. If only you had that luxury. The stairs lie to the north and south, while the computer lab lies back to the west. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. To the south lies the second floor. Stairs lead up to the third, and down to the first. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. You can go south to the third floor, or down to the second. 
The halls are quiet this late at night, and the squeak of your sneakers on the tiles seems loud as a result. The locked doors and dark rooms indicate that most people went home hours ago. If only you had that luxury. The stairs lie to the north and south, and a man is frozen in the midst of closing a door off to the northeast. The opening looks just big enough to allow you passage. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. You can go north to the third floor, or down to the second. 
This is the office of the department head. Textbooks line the shelves, a computer sits quietly on a table in the corner and his desk sits up against the south wall, buried in paper. The half open door lies in the southwest corner of the room. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. To the north lies the second floor. Stairs lead up to the third, and down to the first. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. The first floor lies to the south, and stairs lead up to the second floor and down into the basement. In addition a door leads north into the parking lot. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. The first floor lies to the north, and stairs lead up to the second floor. In addition a door leads south onto the campus. 
A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. Everyone is still, apparently they can't think and type at the same time. You can also see a computer here. 
In the enchanted forest A large wooden sign informs me that I'm in the Enchanted Forest. What it doesn't tell me is how the hell I get out! Everywhere I look there are trees, trees, trees. This place definately has a 'tree' theme going. A clearly marked path leads south and west, whilst in every other direction are, well, trees. An old pedlar is sitting on a log here, tending to his bunions. 
On a path in the forest I'm on a path winding through the Enchanted Forest. The path winds its way from the north towards the west. In every other direction there are dark, sinister looking trees that wave their branches at me in an anthropomorphic kind of way. Ooh, I'm soooo scared! 
At a fork in the path I'm at a fork in the path. Not the kind of fork you eat with, the sort where the path forks; you know, like a fork. To the north the path widens into a clearing. To the west it disappears into the forest. 
Lost in the forest I'm lost in the forest, surrounded on all sides by dense foliage. I knew it was a bad idea to stray from the path! I can go in any direction, but I haven't a clue which is the right one! 
Lost in the forest I'm lost in the forest, surrounded on all sides by dense foliage. I knew it was a bad idea to stray from the path! I can go in any direction, but I haven't a clue which is the right one! Uh-oh - what's that? I could have sworn I saw a pair of big, yellow eyes staring at me through the leaves... 
Lost in the forest I'm lost in the forest, surrounded on all sides by dense foliage. I knew it was a bad idea to stray from the path! I can go in any direction, but I haven't a clue which is the right one! From somewhere comes the blood-curdling howl of a wolf... 
Lost in the forest I'm lost in the forest, surrounded on all sides by dense foliage. I knew it was a bad idea to stray from the path! I can go in any direction, but I haven't a clue which is the right one! Can't help feeling I'm being watched... 
Lost in the forest I'm walking in a trackless wilderness of tall, straight trees whose mighty trunks remind me of the time I got lost among the Axminsters at CarpetWorld aged six. I can go in just about any direction, but they all look the same to me. 
In a clearing in the forest I'm in a clearing. There is a teeny tiny cottage here complete with a thatched roof and leaded windows. It's just like something out of a fairy tale, funnily enough, except for the large hand-painted sign designed to deter trespassers. Just to the north is the front porch. A little path lined by rows of white-painted stones leads around the side of the house to the west. 
In the garden I'm in a little garden alongside the cottage. There's a vegetable plot in a sunny spot by the wall and on the other side of the garden a somewhat neglected ornamental pond. There's obviously been some attempt at landscaping but the effect is less Capability Brown and more incapable bruin. A ramshackle potting shed completes the image of horticultural incompetence. To the north, an overgrown pergola leads into a meadow. 
In a small meadow I'm in a small meadow at the back of the cottage, separated from the forest by a rickety fence. In the middle of the meadow is what appears to be a homemade wind turbine! To the south, through the tangled pergola, is the garden. Daisy the cow is standing here, chewing disinterestedly on a mouthful of hay. 
On the porch I'm standing on the porch of the Three Bears' cottage. It would be quite pretty in a rustic sort of way had someone not seen fit to paint it gold. The front door is closed. Just south of me is the clearing in the forest. A battered old dustbin sits to one side of the porch. I can also see a milkbottle (in which is a crumpled note) here. 
In a clearing in the forest I'm in a clearing. There is a teeny tiny cottage here complete with a thatched roof and leaded windows. It's just like something out of a fairy tale, funnily enough, except for the large hand-painted sign designed to deter trespassers. Just to the north is the front porch. A little path lined by rows of white-painted stones leads around the side of the house to the west. I can hardly keep my eyes open... 
In a clearing in the forest I'm in a clearing. There is a teeny tiny cottage here complete with a thatched roof and leaded windows. It's just like something out of a fairy tale, funnily enough, except for the large hand-painted sign designed to deter trespassers. Just to the north is the front porch. A little path lined by rows of white-painted stones leads around the side of the house to the west. So tired... 
Sorry, what was that you said? I'm having trouble concentrating... Uh-oh - the big hand and the little hand on my wristwatch are both pointing to the number twelve. You know what that means? It means it's noon and I'm screwed. Those bears will be tucking into what's left of their porridge any minute now, and bang go my chances of a good night's sleep. Thanks for your help, but next time I go to a party I'm definitely getting the night bus! I have so far scored 0 out of a possible 100, in 420 turns. Would I like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, give the FULL score for that game or QUIT? 
. people leave of their own accord, and they rarely come here that way either. The man across the table from you is no different. His eyes are sagging from lack of sleep, and he is sweating just a little even though the air is regulated to be cold. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. You analyze your current situation. What would be the safest route? 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. A soft tremor builds up and then slowly subsides. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. Small pieces of rock break away as you travel the rugged terrain. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. You can hear a slow drip off in the distance. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. Time stands still as you and Jacob contemplate your next move. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. A few small rocks tumble down from the ceiling. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. A cool gust of wind blows freshly across your face. 
 by Patrick Wigfull Based on the television programme "Doctor Who" Type "help" for general instructions. Type "background" for information about the "The Brain of Morbius". Type "about" for information about this program. Release 2 / Serial number 961207 / Inform v6.05 Library 6/2 Standard interpreter 1.0 Console Room The console room is the heart of operations of the TARDIS. Dominating the room is a six-side console. Located above the console is the scanner. A corridor to the east leads further into the TARDIS. On the west side of the room are the main doors. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = a8a3) (will ignore further occurrences) What do you want to do, Doctor? 
The console room is the heart of operations of the TARDIS. Dominating the room is a six-side console. Located above the console is the scanner. A corridor to the east leads further into the TARDIS. On the west side of the room are the main doors. 
This corridor, like almost all the corridors of the TARDIS, seems to stretch on forever. The console room lies to the west, and the corridor continues eastward into the distance. There's a closed door on the south wall. 
This corridor, like almost all the corridors of the TARDIS, seems to stretch on forever. The console room lies to the west, and the corridor continues eastward into the distance. An open door on the south wall leads into your workshop. 
This is the room where you do much of your tinkering with electronic gadgetry. Many a Rutan invasion or Dalek plot has been foiled by an ingenius invention you've thrown together at last minute in this room. In fitting with your work habits, it's usually a rather untidy place. However, in your latest fit of spring cleaning you've almost emptied the place out. There's a small cupboard on the eastern wall, and on the north wall an open door connects the workshop to the corridor outside. Your workbench dominates the center of the room. On the workbench is your toolkit (which is closed). 
This is the room where you do much of your tinkering with electronic gadgetry. Many a Rutan invasion or Dalek plot has been foiled by an ingenius invention you've thrown together at last minute in this room. In fitting with your work habits, it's usually a rather untidy place. However, in your latest fit of spring cleaning you've almost emptied the place out. There's a small cupboard on the eastern wall, and on the north wall a closed door connects the workshop to the corridor outside. Your workbench dominates the center of the room. On the workbench is your toolkit (which is closed). 
You' re in the middle of an east-west corridor that seems to stretch on forever. Towards the west, the console room is visible and the corridor stretches out as far as you can see to the east. An open doorway to the north leads to a storage room. An unlit match lies discarded on the floor. 
You' re in the middle of an east-west corridor that seems to stretch on forever. Towards the west, the console room is visible and the corridor stretches out as far as you can see to the east. An open doorway to the north leads to a storage room. 
This is the main storage room. Well, technically it's supposed to be the main storage room. You seem to store things in the most unusual places, regarding an actual storage room as cliche. In fact, there's only one object stored in this room at present. Otherwise it's been empty for centuries. K9 is here. 
My towel curves elegantly across the shiny floor tiles from the shower towards the washing stand. The latter includes a chrome basin and, above that, a large mirror. A window between the shower and stand offers a view of the street outside. The door leads into the living room. 
The central hub of the apartment, both concerning layout and use. In a big, open space, living and cooking areas are joined, separated merely by a small step elevating the latter. So I can spend the whole day here; whether I'm sitting at the bar or relaxing on one of the couches, for example with one of the books from the shelves. Only the bathroom and the bedroom are separated by doors. In the direction of the entrance area, the open space narrows in a soft curve. On the large couch is a childhood album. 
This area is open towards the living room and it serves as a bottleneck between the outer world and my castle. It slowly narrows towards the apartment door. The coat rack nestles against the rippled wall. 
I left this large room a lot of empty space to breathe. The wide futon stands in the centre, a wardrobe on the living room wall. A narrow rug stretches out between them. The other wall is almost completely covered by a window. The door leads back into the living room. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The whispery rustling grows louder. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. You glance around nervously. The rustling seems very close now. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The rustling sounds stop. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. Suddenly, from the corner of your eye, you glimpse a streak of moth-eaten fur hurtling toward you from the forest! Your heart races, yet you stand 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish here. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish here. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. The wolf sneaks up behind you. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. The wolf sneaks up behind you. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf is back again, hanging around. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. The wolf is back again, hanging around. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. The wolf sneaks up behind you. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. The wolf is back again, hanging around. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. The wolf is back again, hanging around. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
The front drive of your great aunt's house, now your house. To the south, wide stone steps lead up to the front door. A gravel path runs round the sides of the house to east and west. 
The front doorstep of the mansion. Steps lead down to the drive, flanked by heavy stone balustrades, and the door of the house is to the south. 
A spacious hall with a polished black-and-white tile floor and oak-panelled walls. Doors lead east and west, and to the south a staircase leads up to the first floor. You can see a round table here. 
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here. Brookes leaves the room. 
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. You can see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here. 
The dining hall is populated with heavy oak furniture. The walls are covered with the portraits of your distant relatives, each in a rather severe gilt frame. Doors lead north, south and east, flanked by candlesticks mounted on brackets. 
Bottom of Stairs The foot of a wide marble staircase, the centre portion of which is covered in plush red carpet. Doors lead east and west, and the entrance hall is to the north. Above you, the staircase stretches up to the first floor. 
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. You can also see a tropical plant, a cactus, a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here. "I thought you might like to see this rather stunning model of the improvements we have planned," says Brookes as he hands you a cardboard model of a building. "Very impressive, don't you agree?" 
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a tropical plant, a cactus, a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here. "I'm sure I don't need to tell you that time is money in our business," Brookes says, "so we'll have to insist that you pick up the last of Agatha's things and vacate the Hall by tonight. So nice to have met you." 
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. You can see a tropical plant, a cactus, a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here. 
Top of Stairs From the top of the staircase you can see the entrance hall below. Doors lead east and west, and there is a smaller door to the south. 
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. On the four-poster bed is a pillow. You can see some tweezers here. 
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. 
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. 
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. 
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. 
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. 
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. Brookes leaves the room. 
It is pitch dark, and you can't see a thing. 
It is pitch dark, and you can't see a thing. A flickering light reflects from the beams of the roof; someone with a torch is ascending the stairs. A moment later, Mr. Brookes arrives. Attic A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. 
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. 
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. 
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. 
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. 
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. Brookes leaves the room. It is now pitch dark in here! 
The front drive of your great aunt's house, now your house. To the south, wide stone steps lead up to the front door. A gravel path runs round the sides of the house to east and west. You can see a shiny sports car here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. You jump suddenly at the sound of something dropping to the floor behind you. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. You can see a leather-bound diary here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. You can see a leather-bound diary here. Another book falls to the floor with a thump. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. You can see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. You can see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. Brookes enters the room. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. You can also see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. You can also see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. You can also see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. 
The heavy curtains hanging partly-closed over the windows make this a rather dark, gloomy room. There is a faintly musty smell from the hundreds of books that crowd the shelves. The door is to the west. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. You can also see an old hardback notebook and a leather-bound diary here. Brookes leaves the room. 
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. On the cooker is a saucepan (which is empty). You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food, a cutting board (on which is a knife) and a drinking straw (which is empty)) here. 
A beautiful flower garden, busy with bees and butterflies. Flowers of a hundred different varieties vie for space in the crowded flower beds, and the scent they produce is quite amazing. The gravel path runs east-west, and a small wooden shed stands to the south. The back door of the house is to the north. You can see some flowers, a bee, a butterfly and some sunflowers here. 
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. You can see a shelf here. 
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. You can see a shelf here. Brookes enters the room. 
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. You can also see a shelf here. 
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. You can also see a shelf here. 
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a shelf here. 
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a shelf here. Brookes leaves the room. 
The dining hall is populated with heavy oak furniture. The walls are covered with the portraits of your distant relatives, each in a rather severe gilt frame. Doors lead north, south and east, flanked by candlesticks mounted on brackets. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. 
The dining hall is populated with heavy oak furniture. The walls are covered with the portraits of your distant relatives, each in a rather severe gilt frame. Doors lead north, south and east, flanked by candlesticks mounted on brackets. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. 
The dining hall is populated with heavy oak furniture. The walls are covered with the portraits of your distant relatives, each in a rather severe gilt frame. Doors lead north, south and east, flanked by candlesticks mounted on brackets. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. 
The dining hall is populated with heavy oak furniture. The walls are covered with the portraits of your distant relatives, each in a rather severe gilt frame. Doors lead north, south and east, flanked by candlesticks mounted on brackets. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. Brookes leaves the room. 
Standard interpreter 1.0 Chapel Street It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. 
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. The gate is closed. Somewhere in the distance, the clock of Biblioll College chimes the half- hour. 
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. The gate is closed. 
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. The gate is closed. A police constable strolls up the street towards you, his heavy boots clattering noisily on the cobbles. 
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. A police constable stands here. The gate is closed. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Who'll come and see my magic?" calls the busker. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Three perfectly ordinary coloured cups," says the busker. He lifts each in turn to show that it is empty. "Nothing under any of them," he says. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "There are no tricks, no hidden pockets, no false bottoms," says the busker. "Please, examine the cups, look under them and assure yourself that they are perfectly ordinary." 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). A police constable strolls up the street towards you. "Nothing under the red cup," says the busker, lifting it up to show you. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Nothing under the green cup," says the busker, lifting it up to show you. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Nothing under the blue cup," says the busker, lifting it up to show you. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Now," says the busker, "to demonstrate that I'm not using any prepared equipment, I'd like to do this trick with an object from the audience." 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "A small object would be best, but I will consider anything," says the busker. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "How about you, young lady?" asks the busker. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "No volunteers?" asks the busker. "What about you?" he asks the constable, but the constable only shrugs his shoulders to indicate that he has nothing suitable. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). The busker taps the three cups in turn with the black rod. "As I tap the cups," he says, "the marble moves from cup to cup. Which one will it end up underneath?" 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Go on," says the busker. "Guess which one of the cups the marble is underneath." 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). 
During the week this must be a busy thoroughfare but now it's empty of motor-cars and crowds. The street is bordered to the north by the looming bulk of Biblioll College, and there's a single window high above you. A police constable stands here. 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "Go on," says the busker. "Guess which one of the cups the marble is underneath." 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). 
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). A police constable strolls up the street towards you. 
This damp grassy meadow slopes gently down towards the wall of Biblioll College to the west. To the north and south you could re-enter the streets of Christminster. There is a man lying on the grass here, fast asleep. 
This damp grassy meadow slopes gently down towards the wall of Biblioll College to the west. To the north and south you could re-enter the streets of Christminster. A police constable stands here. There is a man lying on the grass here, fast asleep. 
This damp grassy meadow slopes gently down towards the wall of Biblioll College to the west. To the north and south you could re-enter the streets of Christminster. There is a man lying on the grass here, fast asleep. A police constable strolls across the meadow towards you. 
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. The gate is closed. A police constable stands here. 
You are standing outside the door of a small flint hut. There are paths off to the east, west and south. The door is locked. 
You are at an old, untended grave. The tombstone is worn but you can make out some of the writing on it. There are paths to the east and north. 
You are in a small well-maintained sandpit. The only way out is to the south. 
You are at the edge of a large, perfectly calm lake. No breeze ruffles its untroubled waters. There is a path back to the west. 
You are in a garden of luxurious flowers. There are paths to the north, east and south. 
You are in the garden at the remnants of a bonfire. There are paths to the north, west and northwest. There is a large iron key here. 
You are in a shrubbery. There are paths to the north and east. There is a long plank here. 
You are in a garden of exotic vegetables. There are paths to the north, east and south. 
The south-north path ends at a newly-built brick wall which blocks your way. There are two ogres here, dressed as bricklayers, resting from their labours. 
You are in a rock garden. There are paths to the east, southeast and south. 
It' s almost evening. You are sitting near the window in a small coffee house, two blocks away from your house. It's a bit dim inside. There is a teenage girl at one of the tables. And at the table opposite hers, sitting an albino boy. 
The pier stretched out into the cold waters of the English Channel from the village east of here. Overhead, I could hear the gulls swoop and cry. The brisk seaside air blew in my face, carrying with it the scent of salt. Far away, across the waves, the white cliffs of Dover could barely be seen in the grey clouded light. My trusty old steamer trunk lay here. A fishing boat was moored beside the pier and its boatman was waiting. 
This is the computer site. You know, half a dozen PCs, couple of Macs, a printer table, the desk at which you write that interactive fiction game instead of study. An internet router hums quietly in the corner. The door is northeast. [ Type HELP for instructions ] Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = 8f63) (will ignore further occurrences) 
This is the computer site. You know, half a dozen PCs, couple of Macs, a printer table, the desk at which you write that interactive fiction game instead of study. An internet router hums quietly in the corner. The door is northeast. 
 Hall Outside Computer Site This is the north end of the third floor of Hodges Hall. To the southwest is the entrance to the Computer Site, and to the east are stairs up to the fourth floor. Stairs down to lower floors are to the west. To one side, a water fountain hums quietly. 
You' re in the north stairwell. Stairs lead down. There is a door to the east. 
 Stairwell (Second Floor) You're in the north stairwell. Stairs lead up and down. There is a door to the east. 
You' re in the north stairwell. Stairs lead up, and dark, foreboding stairs lead down. There is a door to the east. 
You' re at the north end of a long hall on the first floor of Hodges. There are stairs to the west. To one side, a water fountain hums quietly. 
You' re in the middle of a long north/south hall. You can go east here as well as north or south. 
You' re at the south end of a long north-south hallway. To the west you see stairs leading up and down. To the east is a door leading into a lab. The lab door is closed. 
You' re at the south end of a long north-south hallway. To the west you see stairs leading up and down. To the east is a door leading into a lab. The lab door is open. 
You' re at the north end of a long north/south hall, outside the Physics Office. You hear a faint humming. There are stairs to the west. 
You' re in the middle of a long north/south hall. You can go east here as well as north or south. To one side, a water fountain buzzes noisily. 
You' re at the south end of a long north-south hallway. To the west you see stairs leading up and down. 
You' re in a short east-west hall off the main hall. You can see an elevator here. To the east, down the hall, you can see large double doors leading to the outside. There's a sign on the elevator. 
End of Hall You're at the east end of a short east-west hall off the main hall. There are large double doors here, leading to the outside (locked, at this time of night). 
You are standing in a large clearing surrounded by a dense forest. There is a path to the east. You can see a tree here. 
The path branches here. There are paths to the west and south that continue into the forest. The path to the east appears to lead into some rather rocky territory. 
This is the entrance to a canyon formed by an ancient river. The canyon is to the east. There is a sandy path to the northwest that seems to lead to a beach. There is a path leading into a forest to the west. 
This is a beach that seems to stretch on forever to the east and west. There is nothing particularly notable about the beach, except that it has white sand. The ocean is to the north. You see an island on the horizon. There is a path winding across the dunes to the southeast. 
 escape? Parallel An Interactive Fiction by David Hughes Release 1 / Serial number 080219 / Inform 7 build 5J39 (I6/v6.31 lib 6/11N) . Bedroom Maggie has called lights-out for the evening. The window lets in a small amount of pink light from a gas station sign outside. You're in your green- walled bedroom in one of the wings of the psych ward, with an exit to the North. The teddy bear you brought from home is sitting in a dull, dusty trance on the nightstand. 
Maggie has called lights-out for the evening. The window lets in a small amount of pink light from a gas station sign outside. You're in your green- walled bedroom in one of the wings of the psych ward, with an exit to the North. The teddy bear you brought from home is sitting in a dull, dusty trance on the nightstand. 
Maggie has called lights-out for the evening. The window lets in a small amount of pink light from a gas station sign outside. You're in your green- walled bedroom in one of the wings of the psych ward, with an exit to the North. 
The walls are a different shade of green, but still green. There are visible exits to the West - to the West hallway, and East - to Maggie's desk. Sitting in a corner of the main hallway is an action figure. There appears to have been a green door leading to the front desk, but only the frame remains. There is also some kid's sculpture made in arts and crafts here. You can also see an action figure here. 
South of here is Billy. He likes action figures. He's locked in his room, and you can't get in either. You've always liked the poor sap. He always thinks up great jokes. The Toy Room is to the North. You don't have the key to open it, but it does open from the inside. 
You are standing in a clearing in a dense forest. The sun is shining birds are singing and it's a beautiful day. From the west you can hear the sound of running water and to the east is the entrance to a dark building beside which is written: "PING NAROTT. ALCHEMIST. PRIVATE PROPERTY. " In all other directions the forest stretches as far as you can see. 
It is pitch dark. 
You are lost in a seemingly endless forest of tall beech trees. The forest floor is covered with thick undergrowth, most of which is dead and dry. 
You are at the head of a rapidly flowing river which emerges from a fount in the bedrock. The river flows off to the south-west, and looking in that direction you can see rapids downstream. The only exit is east back to the clearing. In a quiet pool on your side of the river is a yellow canoe. 
 
You are behind the counter at "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor", where you are currently working. Not much of a job, but it keeps you from going broke during the nine months of the year when you can't pull down the bucks as surfing instructor. The rest of the parlor is southwest. There is something pressing that you think you have to do, but you can't think what it might be. 
Behind the Counter You are behind the counter at "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". To the southwest is the rest of the restaurant. 
You are standing in the middle of "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". The counter separating you from the back of the parlor stretches in front of you on the northeast corner of the room. To the south is an exit to the street. Annoyingly, you can't shake this feeling that you're forgetting to do something important. Your glance strays idly towards the counter in the middle of the room... 
You are standing in the middle of "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". The counter separating you from the back of the parlor stretches in front of you on the northeast corner of the room. To the south is an exit to the street. On the counter is a handwritten note. 
Behind the Counter You are behind the counter at "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". To the southwest is the rest of the restaurant. On the counter is a handwritten note. 
Street, by Pizza Parlor You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby. A big ugly low rider cruises by, blaring rap music loud enough to make the sidewalk shake. 
Street, by Pizza Parlor You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby. A guy in a business suit walks past you. 
Street, by Pizza Parlor You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby. A man and a woman walk by holding hands. They make a cute couple. 
Street, by Pizza Parlor You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby. You see a woman hail a taxi and drive off. 
Street, by Pizza Parlor You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby. Two teenaged girls go by carrying shopping bags. 
Street, by Pizza Parlor You stand in the heart of San Doppleton's main drag, the business district. The street goes east and west. The sidewalk runs by a pizza parlor, with a sewer vent nearby. Two men bump into each other. They murmur apologies and go their separate ways. 
Street, by Department Store On this end of the street, a department store called Barkley's sits to the south. A guy in a business suit walks past you. 
Street, by Department Store On this end of the street, a department store called Barkley's sits to the south. Two teenaged girls go by carrying shopping bags. 
Street, by Department Store On this end of the street, a department store called Barkley's sits to the south. You see a woman hail a taxi and drive off. 
Street, by Department Store On this end of the street, a department store called Barkley's sits to the south. A big ugly low rider cruises by, blaring rap music loud enough to make the sidewalk shake. 
Street, by Department Store On this end of the street, a department store called Barkley's sits to the south. Two men bump into each other. They murmur apologies and go their separate ways. 
Street, by Department Store On this end of the street, a department store called Barkley's sits to the south. A man and a woman walk by holding hands. They make a cute couple. 
You are in the clothing department at Barkley's. There are many racks of clothes here. You may exit to the north. To the southwest lies the hardware department, and southeast is the cosmetics department. You can see a store clerk here. 
You are in the hardware department at Barkley's. There are tools all over the place. You can go northeast to the clothing department, or east to the cosmetics department. 
The shelves are lined with bottles of perfume, cologne, hairspray, and other cosmetic paraphernalia. You can go northwest to the clothing department, or west to the hardware department. 
You are approaching the center of downtown San Doppleton. There is a courthouse to the south. The street runs east and west. 
You are in downtown San Doppleton. The street coming from the east ends at a three-story office building to the west. You see a woman hail a taxi and drive off. 
You are in downtown San Doppleton. The street coming from the east ends at a three-story office building to the west. A big ugly low rider cruises by, blaring rap music loud enough to make the sidewalk shake. 
You are in downtown San Doppleton. The street coming from the east ends at a three-story office building to the west. Two men bump into each other. They murmur apologies and go their separate ways. 
You are in downtown San Doppleton. The street coming from the east ends at a three-story office building to the west. A guy in a business suit walks past you. 
You are in downtown San Doppleton. The street coming from the east ends at a three-story office building to the west. A man and a woman walk by holding hands. They make a cute couple. 
You are in downtown San Doppleton. The street coming from the east ends at a three-story office building to the west. Two teenaged girls go by carrying shopping bags. 
You are in an office building. The exit to the street is east. There is also a flight of stairs heading up to the north. There are fronds on either side of the exit on the east. 
 Office Building, Second Floor To the east you can see an office door labelled "Gunther & Associates"; other than that, the office doors on this floor are pretty unremarkable. The stairs go up to the south and down to the north. 
 Office Building, Third Floor To the east is a door labelled "John Winnick, Mayor of San Doppleton". The stairs go up to the north and down to the south. 
Roof of Office Building You are on the roof of the government building. You can go back down the stairs to the north. There is a lightning rod sticking up. 
This bedroom is a medium-sized room, with an ugly flower wallpaper. A dresser sits in an awkward corner. An entrance to a small bathroom is to the west while the door to the main corridor to the east. A cheap window sits at one side. A trapdoor in the ceiling seems to lead up to an attic, although high up. The door to the hallway is currently closed. The trapdoor is closed, blocking the way into the attic. A mahogany double dresser sits here. In the dresser, there are no open drawers. You can also see a wall clock, a night-table (on which are an air freshener and a lamp) and a bed (on which are some sheets) here. 
Your apartment, on your futon . few hours your ride will arrive. On the desk are your to-do list and a travel book. 
 
You are standing in a monastery chapel. All around you, fellow Brothers of the Order are standing, chanting. The eerie droning voices seem to reverberate into the air. At the front of the chapel, Brother Joseph stands in deep concentration, holding the Rod of the Ancients. Brother Joseph continues speaking. "Our order has always maintained the strictest secrecy. Few outside of our order know of our existence. We are the keepers of the mystic balance that which embodies pure magic that can keep our world safe. It has always been thus -- we watch over all of Quendor, never interfering in the affairs of others, yet striving to maintain harmony." 
You are standing in a monastery chapel. All around you, fellow Brothers of the Order are standing, chanting. The eerie droning voices seem to reverberate into the air. At the front of the chapel, Brother Joseph stands in deep concentration, holding the Rod of the Ancients. Brother Joseph continues speaking. "But we can no longer depend on enchantments to keep outsiders at bay. Magic as we know it is dying. The dreaded Age of Science is already upon us, and in short time, our order will be discovered, and the balance will be no more. Many of our order have gone out into the world in secret, in attempts to repair what has been broken, but alas, this appears to be impossible." 
You are standing in a monastery chapel. All around you, fellow Brothers of the Order are standing, chanting. The eerie droning voices seem to reverberate into the air. At the front of the chapel, Brother Joseph stands in deep concentration, holding the Rod of the Ancients. Brother Joseph continues. "I have brought you all forth today to say that although we cannot protect the future of Quendor, we can protect ourselves!" He holds the Rod of the Ancients high. "This holy Rod, which the Ancient Ones used to defeat the demon Anabais, has the power to protect our order. I have discovered a lost mystic cube!" He holds a white, featureless cube high in his other hand. "This cube, when joined with the Rod of the Ancients, will preserve our order forever, sequestering all of us in another time, another place!" 
In a room with the spot There's nothing here, except for the spot. 
 manner. 
This new location is not much different from the one you came from. The shadows are still moving around at random through the abyss, reverberating with strange sounds and coloured light. Suddenly there is a new element in your dream, one you have never experienced before. A sense of blinding fear threatens to overwhelm you as a shape appears close to you. There is nothing visually different about it, but you can't bear looking at it for very long. 
In your current state of fear your mind and body refuse to cooperate. The shadow disappears somewhere. A slave under someone else's will, you find yourself moving towards a place you have never seen before. Roof The city below you is ancient. Dark domes and steep roofs form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. You are standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. An iron railing of strange design circles the perimeter of the roof and a winding staircase leads down. 
The city below you is ancient. Dark domes and steep roofs form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. You are standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. An iron railing of strange design circles the perimeter of the roof and a winding staircase leads down. 
Dust and spider webs cover all surfaces in this room in a soft silver gleam, blurring the outlines of the furnishings into fantastic, dreamy forms. The walls are lined with bookshelves and a lone desk lies at one corner. Close to a staircase, which leads further up and down the tower, is a massive table made of black stone. A doorway leads to a smaller room to the south. On the desk is a yellow paper. 
This damp hall occupies the whole ground level of the tower. A staircase provides access to the higher levels, while a massive oak door, set in the southern wall, leads out. 
This is a minor storage chamber, connected to the study through a doorway in the northern wall. There are some shelves, mostly vacant, here. On one of the shelves are four small vials, each neatly labelled and containing some green powder. 
This room is a tribute to the now-faded glory of the theatre. The still- smiling faces of forgotten productions stare out from faded posters at you. An old grand staircase leads up, while the exit lies to the south. Small private doors lead northeast and northwest. What do you want to do now? 
The excursion has ended, and you are standing by the end of a cave. The path back has been closed for security, and the only way to go is east and out... unless you count a narrow passage to the north. 
 
On the Floor You are lying on the floor staring at the ceiling. Your head feels surprisingly good considering your previous antics. In fact, you feel quite refreshed from your hiatus from consciousness. 
The upstairs hallway is really nothing more than an annex between several other rooms of the house. There are exits leading north, northeast, east and south. A stairway leads down to the west. You can see a blue gumball and a little toy car here. 
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a bench here. 
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a moldy candy bar and a bench here. 
The upstairs hallway is really nothing more than an annex between several other rooms of the house. There are exits leading north, northeast, east and south. A stairway leads down to the west. You can see a little toy car here. 
No surprises here. Towels everywhere, water on the floor, even a couple of toys to boot. The hallway is just a couple of steps to the west. There is a pinkish shower curtain here. 
While considerably better than your children's rooms, your room is also a little bit on the messy side. There is a king-size bed here with mountains of assorted pillows. A masterfully finished dresser graces the south wall. To the south is the hallway and a bathroom is off to the west. You can see a little gnome here. 
Beautiful plants hang down from the ceiling and ceramic cherubims watch your every move in this small area off of the master bedroom to the east. To the south is a spacious walk-in closet with mirrored doors. The closet door is closed. You can also see a little gnome here. 
Beautiful plants hang down from the ceiling and ceramic cherubims watch your every move in this small area off of the master bedroom to the east. To the south is a spacious walk-in closet with mirrored doors. The closet door is closed. You can also see a beat-up old bag (which is closed) here. 
While considerably better than your children's rooms, your room is also a little bit on the messy side. There is a king-size bed here with mountains of assorted pillows. A masterfully finished dresser graces the south wall. To the south is the hallway and a bathroom is off to the west. 
 Edge Of Meadow Sunny Afternoon . Edge Of Meadow The grasses are fragrant under the sunshine of a late, late summer afternoon. A stream chatters by at your feet, and a weathered old wooden bridge stretches across it to the east. Beyond the stream, a scrubby hillside stretches upward. The shouts of the volleyball players and the boom-box thump are pleasantly far off to the west. 
If you ever get out of here, you really must complain to the prison's standards officers. This place is dirtier and dustier than a dirt factory. If you didn't have better things to do, you'd be in the right mind too give the place a jolly good clean just too spite it. There's a heavily built door to the south. You can see a door, a bed, a pressure guage and a light switch here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strangely familiar brass lantern is lying on the ground. A sword of Elvish workmanship is on the ground. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strangely familiar brass lantern is lying on the ground. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. There is a loud crackling noise. Blue smoke rises from out of the Wizard's sleeve. He sighs and disappears. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fence!" He cackles gleefully. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fumble!" He cackles gleefully. Ooops! You dropped the lamp. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. There is a lamp here (providing light). 
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. 
You are standing on a crude but sturdy wooden foot bridge crossing a deep ravine. The path runs north and south from here. 
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. The lamp appears a bit dimmer. 
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fierce!" He cackles gleefully. You rush at the Wizard, intending to tear him limb from limb. The Wizard mumbles something under his breath, and just before you reach him, he vanishes. 
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. 
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard incants "Fall!" but nothing happens. He shakes the wand. Nothing happens. With a slightly embarrassed glance in your direction, he vanishes. 
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Freeze!" He cackles gleefully. Your limbs suddenly feel like they have turned to stone. You can't move a muscle. 
You are at the bottom of a seemingly endless stair, winding its way upward beyond your vision. An eerie light, coming from all around you, casts strange shadows on the walls. To the south is a dark and winding trail. Your old friend, the brass lantern, is at your feet. 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
You are at the bottom of a seemingly endless stair, winding its way upward beyond your vision. An eerie light, coming from all around you, casts strange shadows on the walls. To the south is a dark and winding trail. Your old friend, the brass lantern, is at your feet. There is a great tremor from within the earth. The entire dungeon shakes violently and loose debris starts to fall from above you. 
Standard interpreter 1.0 New Excavation You are standing at the entrance of a narrow, waist-high tunnel that winds out of sight to the northeast. This, you have been told, is the entrance to the newfound areas of the Great Underground Empire. In your left hand hangs a rather unconvincing replica of the traditional adventurer's brass lantern. In the other is an ersatz-Elvish sword of no antiquity whatsoever. Its plastic blade, dull as a bread knife, barely reflects the lantern's dim and uneven glow. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = 953f) (will ignore further occurrences) 
You are standing at the entrance of a narrow, waist-high tunnel that winds out of sight to the northeast. This, you have been told, is the entrance to the newfound areas of the Great Underground Empire. 
You are in a narrow tunnel whose entrance has been blocked by gigantic, translucent boulders. Your only option is to continue to the northeast, where the tunnel gradually widens. 
This imposing ante-room, the center of what was apparently the cultural center of the GUE, is adorned in the ghastly style of the GUE's "Grotesque Period." With leering gargoyles, cartoonish friezes depicting long- forgotten scenes of GUE history, and primitive statuary of pointy-headed personages unknown (perhaps very, very distant progenitors of the Flatheads), the place would have been best left undiscovered. North of here, a large hallway passes under the roughly hewn inscription "Convention Center." To the east, under a fifty-story triumphal arch, a passageway the size of a large city boulevard opens into the Royal Theater. A relatively small and unobtrusive sign (perhaps ten feet high) stands nearby. South, a smaller and more dignified (i.e. post-Dimwit) path leads into what is billed as the "Hall of Science." 
This imposing ante-room, the center of what was apparently the cultural center of the GUE, is adorned in the ghastly style of the GUE's "Grotesque Period." With leering gargoyles, cartoonish friezes depicting long- forgotten scenes of GUE history, and primitive statuary of pointy-headed personages unknown (perhaps very, very distant progenitors of the Flatheads), the place would have been best left undiscovered. North of here, a large hallway passes under the roughly hewn inscription "Convention Center." To the east, under a fifty-story triumphal arch, a passageway the size of a large city boulevard opens into the Royal Theater. A relatively small and unobtrusive sign (perhaps ten feet high) stands nearby. South, a smaller and more dignified (i.e. post-Dimwit) path leads into what is billed as the "Hall of Science." The lantern flickers and goes out. Warning: @get_prop_addr called with object 0 (PC = 779a) (will ignore further occurrences) Warning: @get_parent called with object 0 (PC = 779d) (will ignore further occurrences) 
It' s pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a rug lying beside an open trap door. 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable. 
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. 
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable. Someone carrying a large bag is casually leaning against one of the walls here. He does not speak, but it is clear from his aspect that the bag will be taken only over his dead body. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a brown sack here. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water There is a brown sack here. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The flat of the troll's axe skins across your forearm. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water There is a brown sack here. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The flat of the troll's axe hits you delicately on the head, knocking you out. Conquering his fears, the troll puts you to death. It appears that that last blow was too much for you. I'm afraid you are dead. **** You have died **** Now, let's take a look here... Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a rug lying beside an open trap door. 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The troll hits you with a glancing blow, and you are momentarily stunned. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The troll swings his axe, but it misses. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The axe sweeps past as you jump aside. 
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The flat of the troll's axe hits you delicately on the head, knocking you out. Conquering his fears, the troll puts you to death. It appears that that last blow was too much for you. I'm afraid you are dead. **** You have died **** Now, let's take a look here... Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything. Forest This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
You are on a ledge about halfway up the wall of the river canyon. You can see from here that the main flow from Aragain Falls twists along a passage which it is impossible for you to enter. Below you is the canyon bottom. Above you is more cliff, which appears climbable. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
You are on a ledge about halfway up the wall of the river canyon. You can see from here that the main flow from Aragain Falls twists along a passage which it is impossible for you to enter. Below you is the canyon bottom. Above you is more cliff, which appears climbable. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a rug lying beside an open trap door. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
You are on a ledge about halfway up the wall of the river canyon. You can see from here that the main flow from Aragain Falls twists along a passage which it is impossible for you to enter. Below you is the canyon bottom. Above you is more cliff, which appears climbable. 
You are beneath the walls of the river canyon which may be climbable here. The lesser part of the runoff of Aragain Falls flows by below. To the north is a narrow path. 
End of Rainbow You are on a small, rocky beach on the continuation of the Frigid River past the Falls. The beach is narrow due to the presence of the White Cliffs. The river canyon opens here and sunlight shines in from above. A rainbow crosses over the falls to the east and a narrow path continues to the southwest. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar. 
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. 
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
Up a Tree You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach. Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. 
You are on a ledge about halfway up the wall of the river canyon. You can see from here that the main flow from Aragain Falls twists along a passage which it is impossible for you to enter. Below you is the canyon bottom. Above you is more cliff, which appears climbable. 
You are beneath the walls of the river canyon which may be climbable here. The lesser part of the runoff of Aragain Falls flows by below. To the north is a narrow path. 
End of Rainbow You are on a small, rocky beach on the continuation of the Frigid River past the Falls. The beach is narrow due to the presence of the White Cliffs. The river canyon opens here and sunlight shines in from above. A rainbow crosses over the falls to the east and a narrow path continues to the southwest. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. 
The forest thins out, revealing impassable mountains. 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. A bottle is sitting on the table. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. 
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a rug lying beside an open trap door. A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water There is a small mailbox here. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. 
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a rug lying beside an open trap door. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. There is a brown sack here. There is a sword here. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. There is a brown sack here. 
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. There is a brown sack here. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. 
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. On the ground is a pile of leaves. 
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strangely familiar brass lantern is lying on the ground. A sword of Elvish workmanship is on the ground. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strangely familiar brass lantern is lying on the ground. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. 
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. 
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Filch!" He cackles gleefully. Warning: @test_attr called with object 0 (PC = 11248) (will ignore further occurrences) Warning: @get_prop_addr called with object 0 (PC = 1124c) (will ignore further occurrences) Something you are carrying has disappeared! 
You are standing on a crude but sturdy wooden foot bridge crossing a deep ravine. The path runs north and south from here. 
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. There is a lamp here. 
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. Your limbs suddenly feel like they have turned to stone. You can't move a muscle. 
This is the computer site. You know, half a dozen PCs, couple of Macs, a printer table, the desk at which you write that interactive fiction game instead of study. An internet router hums quietly in the corner. The door is northeast. [ Type HELP for instructions ] Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = 8f63) (will ignore further occurrences) 
This is the computer site. You know, half a dozen PCs, couple of Macs, a printer table, the desk at which you write that interactive fiction game instead of study. An internet router hums quietly in the corner. The door is northeast. 
 Hall Outside Computer Site This is the north end of the third floor of Hodges Hall. To the southwest is the entrance to the Computer Site, and to the east are stairs up to the fourth floor. Stairs down to lower floors are to the west. To one side, a water fountain hums quietly. 
You' re in the north stairwell. Stairs lead down. There is a door to the east. 
You' re in the middle of a long north-south hallway in Hodges Hall. You can go east here as well as north or south. 
You' re in a short east-west hall off the main hall. You can see an elevator here. There's a sign on the elevator. You see a box mounted on the wall in one corner. 
You' re in a short east-west hall off the main hall. You can see an elevator here. There's a sign on the elevator. You see an open box mounted on the wall in one corner. 
You' re at the south end of a long north-south hallway in Hodges Hall. To the west you see stairs leading down. 
You' re in the south stairwell. Stairs lead up and down. There is a door to the east. 
 Stairwell (Second Floor) You're in the south stairwell. Stairs lead up and down. There is a door to the east. 
You' re at the south end of a long north-south hallway. To the west you see stairs leading up and down. 
You' re in the middle of a long north/south hall. You can go east here as well as north or south. To one side, a water fountain buzzes noisily. 
You' re in a short east-west hall off the main hall. You can see an elevator here. To the east, down the hall, you can see large double doors leading to the outside. There's a sign on the elevator. 
End of Hall You're at the east end of a short east-west hall off the main hall. There are large double doors here, leading to the outside (locked, at this time of night). 
You' re at the north end of a long north/south hall, outside the Physics Office. You hear a faint humming. There are stairs to the west. 
 Stairwell (Second Floor) You're in the north stairwell. Stairs lead up and down. There is a door to the east. 
You' re in the north stairwell. Stairs lead up, and dark, foreboding stairs lead down. There is a door to the east. 
 manner. 
In your current state of fear your mind and body refuse to cooperate. The shadow disappears somewhere. A slave under someone else's will, you find yourself moving towards a place you have never seen before. Roof The city below you is ancient. Dark domes and steep roofs form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. You are standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. An iron railing of strange design circles the perimeter of the roof and a winding staircase leads down. 
The city below you is ancient. Dark domes and steep roofs form a silent silhouette against the clear star-filled sky. You are standing on the roof of a tower, built of crumbling masonry, which seems to be centuries old. An iron railing of strange design circles the perimeter of the roof and a winding staircase leads down. 
Dust and spider webs cover all surfaces in this room in a soft silver gleam, blurring the outlines of the furnishings into fantastic, dreamy forms. The walls are lined with bookshelves and a lone desk lies at one corner. Close to a staircase, which leads further up and down the tower, is a massive table made of black stone. A doorway leads to a smaller room to the south. On the desk is a yellow paper. 
Dust and spider webs cover all surfaces in this room in a soft silver gleam, blurring the outlines of the furnishings into fantastic, dreamy forms. The walls are lined with bookshelves and a lone desk lies at one corner. Close to a staircase, which leads further up and down the tower, is a massive table made of black stone. A doorway leads to a smaller room to the south. 
This is a minor storage chamber, connected to the study through a doorway in the northern wall. There are some shelves, mostly vacant, here. On one of the shelves are four small vials, each neatly labelled and containing some green powder. 
This damp hall occupies the whole ground level of the tower. A staircase provides access to the higher levels, while a massive oak door, set in the southern wall, leads out. 
 
 
You have walked up a hill, still in the forest. The road slopes back down the other side of the hill. There is a building in the distance. 
You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building. Around you is a forest. A small stream flows out of the building and down a gully. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. There is a shiny brass lamp nearby. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is tasty food here. There is a shiny brass lamp nearby. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is tasty food here. Your lamp is here, gleaming brightly. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is tasty food here. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is tasty food here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. 
You are in open forest, with a deep valley to one side. 
You are in a valley in the forest beside a stream tumbling along a rocky bed. 
You are in open forest near both a valley and a road. 
At your feet all the water of the stream splashes into a 2-inch slit in the rock. Downstream the streambed is bare rock. 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. 
You' re in a sunny meadow. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West. You can also see: sleeping Dragon - sign reads- IN SOME CASES MUD IS GOOD, IN OTHERS... 
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime - chiggers 
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime - chiggers The bites have rotted your whole body. Misty Room You're in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! 
You' re in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - rusty axe (magic word- BUNYON -on it) - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
 
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. 
You' re in a sunny meadow. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West. You can also see: sleeping Dragon - sign reads- IN SOME CASES MUD IS GOOD, IN OTHERS... 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - rusty axe (magic word- BUNYON -on it) - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime - chiggers 
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime - chiggers Your chigger bites are now infected. 
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime - chiggers The bites have rotted your whole body. Misty Room You're in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! 
You' re in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. 
You' re in a sunny meadow. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West. You can also see: sleeping Dragon - sign reads- IN SOME CASES MUD IS GOOD, IN OTHERS... 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - rusty axe (magic word- BUNYON -on it) - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. The clock strikes the half-hour. Your mother calls from the other room that you need to hurry. 
This is the old familiar Upstairs Hall. There are doors leading East, North and South, and stairs leading down. 
This is the old familiar Upstairs Hall. There are doors leading East, North and South, and stairs leading down. The clock strikes again. Fifteen minutes before time to go. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. You and your friend Ryan help load the bus. You get in the line and start passing equipment down the line.'Man, I forgot to study for my History test,' says Ryan. 'I hope Mr. Grumpy grades on a curve this time.' 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster looks to see how the bus loading is going. Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan belches loudly. 'Oh, dear, pardon me!' He cries. 'But man, that felt good.' 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan cracks his knuckles. 'Sounds like an earthquake, huh?' 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster looks to see how the bus loading is going. Colin is helping load the bus. Well, the Scoutmaster has signalled that it's time to pray and move out.As each boy boards the bus, the Scoutmaster collects his permission slip.The scoutmaster waits while you search your things, but your permission slip 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher cries out in disgust, anguish, and madness. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The wind picks up a nebula of dust then dies down again. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . Red clouds form off in the distance. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher swoops down and steals your hat and proceeds to chew on it. You can see a Vulcher here. [Your score has just gone down by five points.] 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher peers down at you looking for something to steal. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher taunts you from up above. You can see a Vulcher here. 
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. A flash of light distracts you from the otherwise terrifying place. You can see a Cauldron here. 
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. Deep throbbing rumbles vibrate from your surroundings. You can see a Cauldron here. 
I want you to solve it before we get any bad publicity or the FBI has to come in. "Yessir!" You reply. He hands you a sheet of paper. Once you have read it, go north or west. You can see a piece of white paper here. 
I want you to solve it before we get any bad publicity or the FBI has to come in. "Yessir!" You reply. He hands you a sheet of paper. Once you have read it, go north or west. 
You are in a closet. There is a gun on the floor. Better get it. To exit, go east. You can see a small black pistol here. 
You are in a closet. There is a gun on the floor. Better get it. To exit, go east. 
You are outside in the cold. To the east is a dead end. To the west is the rest of the street. Papers are blowing around. It's amazingly cold for this time of year. 
You are still on the streets. To the north is a restraunt where the mayor ate often. To the east is the Mayor's home. 
Beginning of the End Mysterious, mysterious shadows dart about the room; the stench of evil is afoot. Glory and justice lie to the north. Your friend, Snam, lies dead on the floor, face up. 
Kitchen of Evil You've made it to Doctor Nova's kitchen, a feat that few have accomplished (and even less have lived to talk about!). You size up the place, trying to see what one so evil munches on when plotting the pain, death, and suffering of innocents. There are exits to the north, south, and east. You can see a refrigerator (which is closed) here. 
Closet of Horrors For someone who concocts complicated, concise schemes involving the death of innocents, Doctor Nova really doesn't know how to keep a clean closet! You can barely move in all of this junk; you can barely see as well. The kitchen is to the west. You can see a dustbuster here. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy smells the flower in his lapel in an exaggerated manner and beams with pride. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. "I wish I had a pet," Thrappy confides. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy plays with some dolls, looking down at you every so often mischieviously. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy says, "I like when you come here." 
A carpeting of old brown leaves from past winters rustle about on the ground in the breeze and drift listlessly across a cracked, stained, pale green tennis court with a rotting net. In one corner of the court yard an impressively large oak tree casts long shadows in the dimming light. The acorns nestled among the tree's massive branches and vividly healthy leaves are new and green. Near the tree is a quaint looking well of crumbling stone. A rusty tin pail rests in the grass near the ball machine. The tennis ball launching machine sitting in one corner of the yard looks like a relic from the 1930s. 
 [The Court Yard] Court Yard A good sized courtyard with an air of late British colonialism about it. To the west, in the direction the sun is setting, is a high, grey stone wall with an ornate iron gate set into the rock. The walls of a large stone mansion rise several stories into the chilly evening air to the east, north, and south. In the east wall, two or three stories up, is a large window. On top of the west wall, above and to the right of the gate, is a large squirrels nest made of sticks, twigs, and leaves. A carpeting of old brown leaves from past winters rustle about on the ground in the breeze and drift listlessly across a cracked, stained, pale green tennis court with a rotting net. In one corner of the court yard an impressively large oak tree casts long shadows in the dimming light. The acorns nestled among the tree's massive branches and vividly healthy leaves are new and green. Near the tree is a quaint looking well of crumbling stone. A rusty tin pail rests in the grass near the ball machine. The tennis ball launching machine sitting in one corner of the yard looks 
 
You' re in a forest. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: trees 
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. 
You' re in a sunny meadow. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West. You can also see: sleeping Dragon - sign reads- IN SOME CASES MUD IS GOOD, IN OTHERS... 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - rusty axe (magic word- BUNYON -on it) - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED 
You' re in a quick-sand bog. Obvious exits: none! You can also see: *SMALL STATUE OF A BLUE OX* 
You' re in a quick-sand bog. Obvious exits: none! 
 
You are in a valley in the forest beside a stream tumbling along a rocky bed. 
You are in open forest, with a deep valley to one side. 
You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building. Around you is a forest. A small stream flows out of the building and down a gully. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. There is a shiny brass lamp nearby. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. There is an empty bottle here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There are some keys on the ground here. There is tasty food here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is tasty food here. 
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. 
At your feet all the water of the stream splashes into a 2-inch slit in the rock. Downstream the streambed is bare rock. 
You are in open forest near both a valley and a road. 
You are in a 20-foot depression floored with bare dirt. Set into the dirt is a strong steel grate mounted in concrete. A dry streambed leads into the depression. 
You have walked up a hill, still in the forest. The road slopes back down the other side of the hill. There is a building in the distance. 
In the Mud Rain and muddy water are pouring down on you, making it difficult to see or even breathe. Sodden earth and mud surrounds you on all sides except overhead, where flashes of lightning illuminate a storm tossed sky. 
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. 
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. For a brief moment, hail pounds against you then subsides. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. For a brief moment, hail pounds against you then subsides. 
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. A blast of thunder rattles the ground. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. With a loud CRACK, a bolt of lightning strikes the steeple of the church. 
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog growls at you threateningly. Lightning arcs overhead, followed instantly by a blast of thunder. 
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. The dog growls at you threateningly. 
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. You feel a flash of searing pain as the dog latches onto your side with its teeth. A blast of thunder rattles the ground. 
( on the chair) Type 'help' for the information and hints menu . Your Office (on the chair) Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. Your handy black rucksack is in a heap on the floor. Your desk fills nearly half the room. You rub your forehead and stretch. You've been in this business a long time now. 
' help' for the information and hints menu . Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. Umberto and the accomplice throw down their napkins - it looks like they've finished. 
' help' for the information and hints menu . Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. The accomplice leaves, and you let him go. You are not here for him. 
' help' for the information and hints menu . Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. Umberto sits alone. 
Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. The chef wanders into the room, and offers Elskin a glass of water, which he takes and drinks. 
Corner of Banana Street You loiter on the dark corner of Banana Street, outside the Greek restaurant where he sits - the target, the leader of the Enemy forces. Umberto Elskin, Russian military, having a secret meeting with an accomplice who'll be handing over the device, and that's what you're here to retrieve. The street runs south from here, and the restaurant door is open. One solitary street light stands here, forlorn. Elskin disappears down the street. There is a roar of an engine, and he is gone. Which is odd, because that's not how it happened last time. . *** You have forgotten your past *** 
( on the chair) . Your Office (on the chair) Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. Your handy black rucksack is in a heap on the floor. Your desk fills nearly half the room. There is a knock on the door. 
You are in a carrot field in the middle of a graveyard. Fog is all around you. A wall is to the north, too high to climb. 
You are in a walled graveyard. A black wall is to the south. Many tombstones are in this area--so many, in fact, you have to climb over some of them. You see a scrap of paper here. 
You are in a walled graveyard. A black wall is to the south. Many tombstones are in this area--so many, in fact, you have to climb over some of them. 
You are in a dark graveyard. A wall covered with moss is to the west, a coffin is in sight to the north, and an empty well lies in the middle of all the fog. 
You are in a gloomy graveyard, with a wall to the south, and plenty of fog all around you. A large hole surrounded by gravestones leads down into gloom. A skeleton that was guarding the hole faces toward you, and holds his stand, not allowing you to you into the hole. You see a skeleton here. 
You are at the corner of a walled graveyard. Walls connect to the south and east, and mist hangs over the sky like a prowler. A chill runs through your back. 
You are in a foggy graveyard. A stream is to the north, a field can be seen to the west, and all the rest only fog can be seen. The stream looks shallow enough to cross. 
Mother has just dropped you off at your slightly eccentric Aunt Lidia's house, or "pad" as Lidia calls it. Auntie Lidia told you she is catching forty winks and not to disturb her beauty sleep. Now you can get back to your goal in life... CANDY An Attempt at Reliving Childhood By Rybread Celsius. '97 THIS IS BETA ONE, TYPE HELP FOR INFO. Release 1 / Serial number 970621 / Inform v6.11 Library 6/4 D Standard interpreter 1.0 Foyer Your not quite sure what a foyer is, but you are most certain you are in one. Auntie has told you enough times. It's a pleasant enough room, with a carpet like a shaggy dog and nice wallpaper showing pictures of little fairies playing. To the south is the door to outside. There are also stairs leading up and exits to the east and west. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = af77) (will ignore further occurrences) 
Your not quite sure what a foyer is, but you are most certain you are in one. Auntie has told you enough times. It's a pleasant enough room, with a carpet like a shaggy dog and nice wallpaper showing pictures of little fairies playing. To the south is the door to outside. There are also stairs leading up and exits to the east and west. 
In the Carpet You are in the midst of the white monster. Your sure that if you dropped anything it could definaintly be found here. It's not that interesting down here, or not what you would excpect. No Fraggles, and the roots of the shags are pretty nasty. A wild patch of cotton candy has taken up root here. Entagled in the shag is a lone jawbreaker. 
In the Carpet You are in the midst of the white monster. Your sure that if you dropped anything it could definaintly be found here. It's not that interesting down here, or not what you would excpect. No Fraggles, and the roots of the shags are pretty nasty. Entagled in the shag is a lone jawbreaker. 
This hallway contains pictures you sent your Aunt. It flows east to west. You can see a window here. 
Aunt is renowned for her slim figure. She's been dieting for 48 years and has used many methods, which can be seen lying about in this room. There's that Gwenni Kraig refrigerator lock she got for loosing her fourth pound. On the counter top is a for home use "ankle fat reduction suite", though it looks like a tiny lipo-sucker to your eyes. Next to it sits one of those long cigars that women smoke. Finally, on the floor is a knife with some instructions next to it. Your hopes of finding candy shrink closer to despair. You can see a lyrics and linear notes to DEATH FOR VANITY II by DESTROY! here. 
The darkness is scary. You don't believe in the boogie man...but what it? 
 hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. A dull star stands out against the cloudless twilight sky. It will soon hit the earth four hundred miles away. People stand around you. . 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. A dull star stands out against the cloudless twilight sky. It will soon hit the earth four hundred miles away. People stand around you. . The star continues its slow move west. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. People stand around you. . The sound of ten trillion tons of rock hitting the earth reaches your ears. It sounds like thunder, but much much louder. Windows smash, people scream. 
You look across a city to the sea on the far side. A silent city. The hilltop itself is barren of trees, although the steep slopes around are wooded. You must be standing a good forty or fifty metres above the city below. People stand around you. . The wave breaks over the city. The houses disappear under the water. All up and down the coast the same thing is happening. The sky is now howling with wind. Red as fire, a hurricane has formed. Trees are being ripped up. 
You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. 
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. The clock strikes again. Fifteen minutes before time to go. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. . Colin is helping load the bus. Your friend Ryan shows up with his Mom. With a wink and grin at you, he grabs his pack and sleeping bag from the car and kisses his mom goodbye. 'Hey', he calls at you. 'Let's help load the bus!'.'I hope we don't have an earthquake while we're underground,' shivers Ryan. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster looks to see how the bus loading is going. Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. Most of the gear is loaded on the bus now, and you get to wander off for a bit. Ryan wanders off with you.Ryan looks off in the distance and sighs 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan digs in his pack for a minute and pulls out his permission slip. he checks it carefully, nods to himself, and puts it away. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. 
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. 'Hey, I hear they give you a patch for this trip,' says Ryan to one of the other kids. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . Red clouds form off in the distance. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher taunts you from up above. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher swoops down and steals your hat and proceeds to chew on it. You can see a Vulcher here. [Your score has just gone down by five points.] 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher peers down at you looking for something to steal. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher cries out in disgust, anguish, and madness. You can see a Vulcher here. 
In the desert You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The wind picks up a nebula of dust then dies down again. You can see a Vulcher here. 
The inside of a coffee mug You find yourself on the inside of a white coffee mug. If it wasn't for the faint breeze of a diner fan above you it would be hard to tell where you were. It is a good thing the contents of this cup have been drunk already although you can still make out the scent of a freshly poured cup of Joe. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. What confounded science has brewed the pot of coffee likely just finished by a diner patron? You begin to realize the enormity of the void and the vast potential it stores. Are you still in control of it? 
The inside of a coffee mug You find yourself on the inside of a white coffee mug. If it wasn't for the faint breeze of a diner fan above you it would be hard to tell where you were. It is a good thing the contents of this cup have been drunk already although you can still make out the scent of a freshly poured cup of Joe. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. You smell breakfast being cooked above you. 
All lights in the diner seem extraordinarily dim. The jukebox in the corner glows yellow and red and purple casting its colors onto the table and pictures on the walls. Only barstools and a bar stand in this diner. It is a cramped little place not unlike a sort of hopeless retreat for the sinners and loners. The exit lies through the door left ajar to the southwest. . A waitress leans against the counter staring out the window. You can see in her eyes the image of a soulless individual. You can see a Jukebox and a Baroness here. 
An old woman on the side of the street beckons you to hear her plead for forgiveness. Her gaze does not lie on you however, but rather at the cobblestone below, still damp and reflecting the faint yellow glow from the streetlight. You stand at the corner of a boutique and butcher's shop. Tenements covered in grime and accessed through bolted doors prove this street's vacancy. Old rusty cars pass down the street, their drivers hidden inside the dingy metal boxes. A group of rats fester in a knocked over garbage can. You can see an Old Woman here. 
An old woman on the side of the street beckons you to hear her plead for forgiveness. Her gaze does not lie on you however, but rather at the cobblestone below, still damp and reflecting the faint yellow glow from the streetlight. You stand at the corner of a boutique and butcher's shop. Tenements covered in grime and accessed through bolted doors prove this street's vacancy. A rumble of thunder booms throughout the night sky You can see an Old Woman here. 
You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. Let's hope you don't accidently get knocked over the edge. You can see a White Knight here. 
You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. The cliff must be an impenetrable wall from the perspective of those down below. You can see a White Knight here. 
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. Deep throbbing rumbles vibrate from your surroundings. You can see a Cauldron here. 
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. A flash of light distracts you from the otherwise terrifying place. You can see a Cauldron here. 
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. On the massive pedestal is the Toaster of Battle Creek. You can see a rocket pack and a coyote skeleton here. 
This is a small, featureless room with no exits apart from the one to the west. Mysteriously, a red rubber ball is sitting on the floor. 
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. You can see a rocket pack and a coyote skeleton here. 
This is a small, featureless room with no exits apart from the one to the west. 
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. You can see a coyote skeleton here. 
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. On the massive pedestal is a rocket pack. You can see a coyote skeleton here. 
You are on a busy street. You can see a tall office building. Exits are: South. 
You are on a busy street. You can see a tall office building. Exits are: South. You think that they are on to you... You hear noises. 
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. 
Servant' s Room Once upon a time, servants in great houses lived in awful little crevices and excuses for rooms like this one. They must have been in permanent danger of suffocation, for there are no windows and only a doorway to the west. A bed is still kept here, and the sight of it brings on drowsiness in all this warm stuffy air. All you want to do is curl up and sleep. There's a little book on the tiny bedside table. An old striped scarf hangs up behind the doorway. 
Scruffy old furniture is piled up here: armchairs with springs coming out, umbrella stands, a badly scratched cupboard, a table with one leg missing... You try to remember why you keep all this rubbish, and fail. Anyway the attic continues to the southeast. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin yawns. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin rolls away to the furniture store. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin looks ineffable again. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin strolls away to the observatory. 
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin oozes away to the annexe. 
Once upon a time, this small circular room had a dome and a telescope, but it leaked dreadfully and so now there's a proper roof. A circular mural painted with the signs of the zodiac is interrupted by a short flight of stairs leading up to the north, a smoke detector, a west doorway to a shadowy alcove and the continuation of the stairs down and to the south. Mounted on the old telescope stand is what looks like a solid glass ball. 
Once upon a time, this small circular room had a dome and a telescope, but it leaked dreadfully and so now there's a proper roof. A circular mural painted with the signs of the zodiac is interrupted by a short flight of stairs leading up to the north, a smoke detector, a west doorway to a shadowy alcove and the continuation of the stairs down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Mounted on the old telescope stand is what looks like a solid glass ball. 
Once upon a time, this small circular room had a dome and a telescope, but it leaked dreadfully and so now there's a proper roof. A circular mural painted with the signs of the zodiac is interrupted by a short flight of stairs leading up to the north, a smoke detector, a west doorway to a shadowy alcove and the continuation of the stairs down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Mounted on the old telescope stand is what looks like a solid glass ball. Austin looks ineffable again. 
Once upon a time, this small circular room had a dome and a telescope, but it leaked dreadfully and so now there's a proper roof. A circular mural painted with the signs of the zodiac is interrupted by a short flight of stairs leading up to the north, a smoke detector, a west doorway to a shadowy alcove and the continuation of the stairs down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Mounted on the old telescope stand is what looks like a solid glass ball. Austin oozes away to the book store. 
Once upon a time, this small circular room had a dome and a telescope, but it leaked dreadfully and so now there's a proper roof. A circular mural painted with the signs of the zodiac is interrupted by a short flight of stairs leading up to the north, a smoke detector, a west doorway to a shadowy alcove and the continuation of the stairs down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Mounted on the old telescope stand is what looks like a solid glass ball. Austin purrs and licks one of his paws. 
Once upon a time, the house library was used as a gun-room, and all the unwanted books kept up here. Now this is just another awkward cranny, with a water tank and some pipes in one corner which are something to do with the central heating. A romantic novel and a book of poetry are the only books left, and they're propping up a water pipe near a rather loose joint - it really is time you called a plumber to sort this one out. 
Beginning of the End Mysterious, mysterious shadows dart about the room; the stench of evil is afoot. Glory and justice lie to the north. Your friend, Snam, lies dead on the floor, face up. 
Kitchen of Evil You've made it to Doctor Nova's kitchen, a feat that few have accomplished (and even less have lived to talk about!). You size up the place, trying to see what one so evil munches on when plotting the pain, death, and suffering of innocents. There are exits to the north, south, and east. You can see a refrigerator (which is closed) here. 
Closet of Horrors For someone who concocts complicated, concise schemes involving the death of innocents, Doctor Nova really doesn't know how to keep a clean closet! You can barely move in all of this junk; you can barely see as well. The kitchen is to the west. You can see a dustbuster here. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy smells the flower in his lapel in an exaggerated manner and beams with pride. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. "I wish I had a pet," Thrappy confides. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy says, "I like when you come here." 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. Thrappy plays with some dolls, looking down at you every so often mischieviously. 
Thrappy' s Room This is the bedroom of Doctor Nova's brother, Thrappy. You can barely see the large posters of clowns and horses and furry animals because of all of the plush dolls piled high on the floor and bed. There are doorways to the north and south. 
 Catwalk Over Certain Death You find yourself on a rickety, metal catwalk high above a vat of novecilline. Fumes waft up from the glowing, green liquid below. Thrappy's room is behind you and Nova's lab, you recall, is through the doorway to the north. Interestingly enough, there's no giant robot or pack of rabid dingoes barring your passage. Could this be... a trap? 
 Catwalk Over Certain Death You are standing on a rickety, metal catwalk high above a vat of novecilline. Fumes waft up from the glowing, green liquid below. There's a huge gap in the catwalk where Dr. Nova rigged the section to fall. Your chances of jumping over it seem slim. The doorway on the other side taunts you mercilessly. You feel like crying. 
I want you to solve it before we get any bad publicity or the FBI has to come in. "Yessir!" You reply. He hands you a sheet of paper. Once you have read it, go north or west. You can see a piece of white paper here. 
I want you to solve it before we get any bad publicity or the FBI has to come in. "Yessir!" You reply. He hands you a sheet of paper. Once you have read it, go north or west. 
You are in a closet. There is a gun on the floor. Better get it. To exit, go east. You can see a small black pistol here. 
You are in a closet. There is a gun on the floor. Better get it. To exit, go east. 
You are outside in the cold. To the east is a dead end. To the west is the rest of the street. Papers are blowing around. It's amazingly cold for this time of year. 
You are still on the streets. To the north is a restraunt where the mayor ate often. To the east is the Mayor's home. 
 the foggy street The is fog everywhere, obscuring the entire landscape. Max feels suddenly like a huge cloud has lifted him up and taken him away. He wonders where he has gone. 
 the cobble street Max is walking down a cobble street when a small boy, perhaps a year old, falls to the pavement from a second story window. The baby gasps and then does not move. For a moment, Max is paralyzed with horror. Before he can recover, a woman comes running out of the house screaming, "my baby, my baby." She lifts the child up high into the air above her, sobbing hysterically. She runs back inside the house and closes the door behind her. 
 the hospital Max is in the operating room of a hospital. His wife is on the operating table, breathing quite heavily. There are several doctors and nurses in the room. He tries to touch one of them but his hand passes right through. His wife is breathing heavier now. He goes to her, tries to talk to her. She does not hear. A nurse comes up to Max and tells him if he is cannot calm down he will have to leave. He watches quietly as they cut open his wife's stomach. He watches the birth of his son. The nurse comes up to him, handing him the baby. The doctors have begun to sew up his wife. "You will have to leave now," the nurse says. He looks down at his baby son, but the child is gone. 
 the parlor Max is sitting next to Cora on a large green couch. It is the hottest day of the summer. They are content to sip lemonade, chat softly and wait for Cora's roommate to leave the stuffy apartment. Max's desire for Cora is finally answered as she slips into his arms. He unbottons her blouse and beholds a vision that will mark him for the rest of his life. Cora's breasts are beautiful She wears a small silver cross around her neck which falls with erotic precision in the tuck of her cleavage. A drop of sweat has beaded up on Cora's collar bone and falls slowly down to meet the cross. For Max, the drop of sweat is pure magic, the most remarkable thing he has ever witnessed in his entire life. Cora looks at him warmly and smiles. 
 the bedroom Max is in bed with his grandfather Willie. Willie is snoring quite loudly. Max turns over to tell his grandfather to be quiet when he is assailed by the smell of grandfather's breath. Willie is fond of cigars and they give his breath the aroma of used dragon smoke. Max starts to get out of bed, but finds he is surrounded by an impenetrable darkness. The bed seems to be floating. Willie begins talking in his sleep. "What's the matter with you," he says. "You never listen to anything I tell you. You think you're so smart. You're a bum just like your father. Never listen to me." Willie begins to swing his hands in his sleep. Max ducks and dodges. Finally he lifts his pillow in self defense. Under the pillow is a wet cigar. The wet cigar is burnt on one end and chewed on the other. 
 the theatre Max is onstage. He is dressed in kahki fatigues. His head is shaved. He is playing the part of man trapped inside his own skin. Three other people, his "family" try to tell he is alright. But he is not alright. He is misunderstood. He cannot even begin to articulate how he feels. But there is a panic inside him, growing more desparate by the moment. He begins to scoop water out of a large metal pot and watch it trickle back. he does this for some time. the movement comforts him. then the panic strikes again. He spies something shiny in the water. He reaches in and grasps the object and hurls it into the air. A huge fish flies across the stage and lands wetly a few feet away. Everyone is suddenly very quiet. A huge fish lies at your feet. 
 the forest Max is in the woods near his house. It is a crisp autumn day. His nostrils flare as he picks up the scent of burning leaves. Every autumn old man Whittaker sets the woods on fire. All the kids in the neighborhood tell their parents, but they are not believed. So each autumn, the woods behind their rowhouse burns. the firemen come out with their trucks. Several hours later the fire will be out for another year. But now is the time of greatest danger. The forest is blazing all around Max. He feels the heat of the flames on his face. If he doesn't move soon he will become part of the blaze. Max hopes he does not step in any poison ivy. 
 the raging fire Max is surrounded by flames. The whole forest is burning! If Max does not do something soon, he will be burned alive. 
 the patch Max find himself in the only part of the forest not in flames, a patch of poison ivy. He walks through it gingerly trying not to touch anthing, but he is already beginning to feel itchy all over his body. 
 the study Max is in cantor Diamond's study. The cantor is a tall man with an open face and kind eyes. Max is listening to him sing a passage from the haftorah. Morris Diamond has the most beautiful voice in the world. Long before Max has ever heard opera, he has heard enough of Morris Diamond to change his life forever. When he hears the cantor sing he is swept up in the peculair feeling of tremendous joy and unspeakable sorrow. The cantor's voice touches him in a way that Max can never forget. Morris asks Max to repeat the passage. Although he does not have a bad singing voice, his chanting cannot compare with the cantor's. Max begins to weep, not for his lack of talent, but for his lack of feeling. How could he follow such a voice. Morris Diamond goes to his desk and opens a drawer. He takes out a small book and places it on the table before Max. You can see a small book here. 
 the frozen lake It is after the first snowfall of winter. The lake has frozen solid. Max stands on the newly formed ice and listens to the quietness. He can hear the tinkle of icecicles banging against each other in the wind as they hang off the evergreen brahcnes. Max feels he is at he center of the universe and that center is calm. He thinks of Morris Diamond. Max can hear the faint sound of a dog barking two miles away. 
 the alley Max watches four young girls jump rope in a red bricked alley not far from his home. They play with an intensity that precludes any awareness that they are watched. The rope skips across the concrete as the girls chant with great seriousness, "Cinderella Dressed in yell-a Went upstairs to see her fella How many kisses did she get: One... two... three..." Suddenly the eldest girl spins around and stares at Max. The other girls all fall in behind her. The jump rope lies on the ground, lifeless. 
 the theatre Max is onstage. He is dressed in kahki fatigues. His head is shaved. He is playing the part of man trapped inside his own skin. Three other people, his "family" try to tell he is alright. But he is not alright. He is misunderstood. He cannot even begin to articulate how he feels. But there is a panic inside him, growing more desparate by the moment. He begins to scoop water out of a large metal pot and watch it trickle back. he does this for some time. the movement comforts him. then the panic strikes again. He spies something shiny in the water. He reaches in and grasps the object and hurls it into the air. A huge fish flies across the stage and lands wetly a few feet away. Everyone is suddenly very quiet. 
 the theatre Max is onstage. He is dressed in kahki fatigues. His head is shaved. He is playing the part of man trapped inside his own skin. Three other people, his "family" try to tell he is alright. But he is not alright. He is misunderstood. He cannot even begin to articulate how he feels. But there is a panic inside him, growing more desparate by the moment. He begins to scoop water out of a large metal pot and watch it trickle back. he does this for some time. the movement comforts him. then the panic strikes again. He spies something shiny in the water. He reaches in and grasps the object and hurls it into the air. A huge fish flies across the stage and lands wetly a few feet away. Everyone is suddenly very quiet. You can see a huge fish (which is closed) here. 
Special thanks to Adam Trionfo, Justin Morgan, Roger Firth, Jim Fisher, Clark Sipsy, Joe Kollar and Rioshin an'Harthen. Release 1 / Serial number 071205 / Inform v6.31 Library 6/11 S Baer Boulevard People walk up and down this ribbon of old brick buildings, alternately holding hands and giving each other the finger. Since you're on vacation, you try to remain patient long enough to take in the sights; but since these are mostly made up of the immense hotel to the south, inside which is the convention, you find this difficult. Alleys open to the southeast and southwest, and a nearby manhole gapes from within caution signs. Amazingly, given their various apparent conditions, the passersby seem to be heeding this advice (enough to avoid actually falling in, anyway). (Enter ABOUT for more information, or HINTS as a last resort.) . 
Standard interpreter 1.0 Computer Lab A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. Everyone is still, apparently they can't think and type at the same time. You can also see a computer and a back pack (which is closed) here. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = 87bf) (will ignore further occurrences) 
A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. Everyone is still, apparently they can't think and type at the same time. You can also see a computer and a back pack (which is closed) here. 
The halls are quiet this late at night, and the squeak of your sneakers on the tiles seems loud as a result. The locked doors and dark rooms indicate that most people went home hours ago. If only you had that luxury. The stairs lie to the north and south, while the computer lab lies back to the west. 
A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. Everyone is still, apparently they can't think and type at the same time. You can also see a computer here. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. To the south lies the second floor. Stairs lead up to the third, and down to the first. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. The first floor lies to the south, and stairs lead up to the second floor and down into the basement. In addition a door leads north into the parking lot. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. To the south lies the basement, a strange and forbidding place where the Grad students live. More familiar territory lies upwards. 
The hidden romantic deep within you always envisioned this room as being dark and mysterious with enigmatic machines flashing and humming away. The more practical part of you thought it would be like the hallways upstairs. To your disappointment this is indeed the case. This hallway looks virtually identical to the ones above you, though light is visible under the door to the northwest. The door is shut tightly and probably locked. 
The hidden romantic deep within you always envisioned this room as being dark and mysterious with enigmatic machines flashing and humming away. The more practical part of you thought it would be like the hallways upstairs. To your disappointment this is indeed the case. This hallway looks virtually identical to the ones above you, though light is visible under the door to the northwest. A bright light shines through the open doorway. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. To the north lies the second floor. Stairs lead up to the third, and down to the first. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. The first floor lies to the north, and stairs lead up to the second floor. In addition a door leads south onto the campus. 
The halls are quiet this late at night, and the squeak of your sneakers on the tiles seems loud as a result. The locked doors and dark rooms indicate that most people went home hours ago. If only you had that luxury. The stairs lie to the north and south. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. You can go north to the third floor, or down to the second. 
The halls are quiet this late at night, and the squeak of your sneakers on the tiles seems loud as a result. The locked doors and dark rooms indicate that most people went home hours ago. If only you had that luxury. The stairs lie to the north and south, and a man is frozen in the midst of closing a door off to the northeast. The opening looks just big enough to allow you passage. 
This almost claustrophobic stairway is papered with student ads, and department notices. You can go south to the third floor, or down to the second. 
This is the office of the department head. Textbooks line the shelves, a computer sits quietly on a table in the corner and his desk sits up against the south wall, buried in paper. The half open door lies in the southwest corner of the room. 
In the enchanted forest A large wooden sign informs me that I'm in the Enchanted Forest. What it doesn't tell me is how the hell I get out! Everywhere I look there are trees, trees, trees. This place definately has a 'tree' theme going. A clearly marked path leads south and west, whilst in every other direction are, well, trees. An old pedlar is sitting on a log here, tending to his bunions. 
In the enchanted forest (on the log) A large wooden sign informs me that I'm in the Enchanted Forest. What it doesn't tell me is how the hell I get out! Everywhere I look there are trees, trees, trees. This place definately has a 'tree' theme going. A clearly marked path leads south and west, whilst in every other direction are, well, trees. An old pedlar is sitting on a log here, tending to his bunions. 
In the enchanted forest (on the log) A large wooden sign informs me that I'm in the Enchanted Forest. What it doesn't tell me is how the hell I get out! Everywhere I look there are trees, trees, trees. This place definately has a 'tree' theme going. A clearly marked path leads south and west, whilst in every other direction are, well, trees. An old pedlar is sitting on a log here, tending to his bunions. I'm feeling really sleepy... 
In the enchanted forest (on the log) A large wooden sign informs me that I'm in the Enchanted Forest. What it doesn't tell me is how the hell I get out! Everywhere I look there are trees, trees, trees. This place definately has a 'tree' theme going. A clearly marked path leads south and west, whilst in every other direction are, well, trees. An old pedlar is sitting on a log here, tending to his bunions. So tired... 
. people leave of their own accord, and they rarely come here that way either. The man across the table from you is no different. His eyes are sagging from lack of sleep, and he is sweating just a little even though the air is regulated to be cold. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. You can hear a slow drip off in the distance. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. A few small rocks tumble down from the ceiling. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. Small pieces of rock break away as you travel the rugged terrain. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. A cool gust of wind blows freshly across your face. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. Time stands still as you and Jacob contemplate your next move. 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. You analyze your current situation. What would be the safest route? 
Layer of the Earth's Crust Endless dark and foreboding passages surround you on all sides. You're cold, tired, and that musty smell in the air has really started getting to you lately. Spelunking seemed much more romantic when you first agreed to accept the mission for the Jewel. Untold riches, fame, glory; it seemed so perfect. Now you're a month into the expedition with little to show for it except for a few rock samples and the death of a party member. You're deep inside the fifth layer of the Earth's crust, surrounded by tight shafts and ominous pits. You are quickly descending to the sixth and final layer; the resting place of the fabled Jewel. Your good friend and fellow campaigner Jacob is here. He slowly scuttles through the underground by your side. A soft tremor builds up and then slowly subsides. 
 by Patrick Wigfull Based on the television programme "Doctor Who" Type "help" for general instructions. Type "background" for information about the "The Brain of Morbius". Type "about" for information about this program. Release 2 / Serial number 961207 / Inform v6.05 Library 6/2 Standard interpreter 1.0 Console Room The console room is the heart of operations of the TARDIS. Dominating the room is a six-side console. Located above the console is the scanner. A corridor to the east leads further into the TARDIS. On the west side of the room are the main doors. Warning: @get_child called with object 0 (PC = a8a3) (will ignore further occurrences) What do you want to do, Doctor? 
The console room is the heart of operations of the TARDIS. Dominating the room is a six-side console. Located above the console is the scanner. A corridor to the east leads further into the TARDIS. On the west side of the room are the main doors. 
This corridor, like almost all the corridors of the TARDIS, seems to stretch on forever. The console room lies to the west, and the corridor continues eastward into the distance. There's a closed door on the south wall. 
You' re in the middle of an east-west corridor that seems to stretch on forever. Towards the west, the console room is visible and the corridor stretches out as far as you can see to the east. An open doorway to the north leads to a storage room. An unlit match lies discarded on the floor. 
You' re in the middle of an east-west corridor that seems to stretch on forever. Towards the west, the console room is visible and the corridor stretches out as far as you can see to the east. An open doorway to the north leads to a storage room. 
This is the main storage room. Well, technically it's supposed to be the main storage room. You seem to store things in the most unusual places, regarding an actual storage room as cliche. In fact, there's only one object stored in this room at present. Otherwise it's been empty for centuries. K9 is here. 
This corridor, like almost all the corridors of the TARDIS, seems to stretch on forever. The console room lies to the west, and the corridor continues eastward into the distance. An open door on the south wall leads into your workshop. 
This is the room where you do much of your tinkering with electronic gadgetry. Many a Rutan invasion or Dalek plot has been foiled by an ingenius invention you've thrown together at last minute in this room. In fitting with your work habits, it's usually a rather untidy place. However, in your latest fit of spring cleaning you've almost emptied the place out. There's a small cupboard on the eastern wall, and on the north wall an open door connects the workshop to the corridor outside. Your workbench dominates the center of the room. On the workbench is your toolkit (which is closed). 
My towel curves elegantly across the shiny floor tiles from the shower towards the washing stand. The latter includes a chrome basin and, above that, a large mirror. A window between the shower and stand offers a view of the street outside. The door leads into the living room. 
The central hub of the apartment, both concerning layout and use. In a big, open space, living and cooking areas are joined, separated merely by a small step elevating the latter. So I can spend the whole day here; whether I'm sitting at the bar or relaxing on one of the couches, for example with one of the books from the shelves. Only the bathroom and the bedroom are separated by doors. In the direction of the entrance area, the open space narrows in a soft curve. On the large couch is a childhood album. 
This area is open towards the living room and it serves as a bottleneck between the outer world and my castle. It slowly narrows towards the apartment door. The coat rack nestles against the rippled wall. 
I left this large room a lot of empty space to breathe. The wide futon stands in the centre, a wardrobe on the living room wall. A narrow rug stretches out between them. The other wall is almost completely covered by a window. The door leads back into the living room. 
Opposite the still-wet shower, there is the washing stand. The latter includes a chrome basin and, above that, a large mirror. A window between the shower and stand offers a view of the street outside. The door leads into the living room. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. 
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. You glance around nervously. The rustling seems very close now. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. Suddenly, from the corner of your eye, you glimpse a streak of moth-eaten fur hurtling toward you from the forest! Your heart races, yet you stand 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. The wolf is back again, hanging around. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. The wolf is back again, hanging around. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. The wolf sneaks up behind you. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. The wolf is back again, hanging around. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. You can see a wolf here. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. The wolf is back again, hanging around. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. You can see a wolf here. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. You can see a wolf here. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. You can see a wolf here. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
S Down . Clock Tower Stairs Dimly lit stairs lead back down into the schoolroom. Before you, a heavy, solid door stands firmly closed. You can see a wolf here. Faintly, through the closed door, you hear something ticking. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past. 
Both the playground and its adjacent schoolhouse to the south lie vacant and deserted. The bare, hard-packed rectangle of earth, despite a few faint chalk marks, shows no evidence that children may have once played here--or might ever play here again. The lane ends its westward progress at the schoolhouse door. At the southern end of the school, a magnificent stone steeple towers above the village roofs. To see the clock from where you now stand, you must tilt your head back and point your chin at the sky. To the southeast, a gentle slope leads to a hilltop covered with wild grass. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. The wolf is back again, hanging around. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Inside the School The abandoned schoolroom lacks not only pupils, but also books and pencils and chalk and paper and any other hint that someone might show up for school tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next. Rows of empty desks and chairs face the teacher's desk at the front of the room as if waiting expectantly for the day's lesson. The door to the north leads back out to the empty schoolyard. Stairs to the south lead up into darkness. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. 
Grass sweeps up the hill like a brushfire, growing taller and thicker as it approaches the top where you brace yourself against the wind. You can see everything from up here: the forest, the village, even the fence where you first met the egg. The schoolhouse and its clock tower lie to the northwest. A crumbling brick well sits at the very top of the hill, almost hidden in a nest of grass. It's the simplest of designs--no cute roof, no crank, no rope or bucket--just a simple, brick cylinder in the ground. The cover, if it ever had one, is gone. From deep within the well's depths, you hear faint scratching noises interspersed with pathetic mewing. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a placard and a wolf here. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a placard and a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. The wolf is back again, hanging around. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of your presence. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. The wolf sneaks up behind you. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do." 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Behind the Bungalow Grass surrounds you, acres of it, spreading across the countryside as far as you can see. A ribbon of flattened grass curves eastward, and another, not quite as fresh, circles the bungalow, branching northeast and northwest. A grass-covered hill to the southwest shimmers under the sun's heat; waves of green-gold grass ripple toward the crest of the hill, racing the wind to the top. A wooden ladder lies half-hidden in the grass next to the bungalow. A cuddly lamb prances about, seemingly unaware of the wolf's sinister presence. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
Outside the Bungalow A cheery pink bungalow with gingerbread trim and a yellow painted door nestles behind the picket fence to the south. Grass covers the yard from corner to corner, except at the edges, where flowers dance with the fence. Circling the bungalow to the southeast and southwest, a faint path leads around the back. To the north, a few small homes peer across the lane, which has narrowed, but still runs east to west at this end of the village. The clock tower dominates the skyline to the west. A placard is thumbtacked to the bungalow door. The wolf sneaks up behind you. 
Behind the Cottage With no fences to hinder it, the waist-high grass flows unimpeded for miles, like water downstream, covering the world from here to the horizon. Almost hidden by the grass, a narrow path forks northeast and northwest toward the front of the cottage. A swath to the west lies flat, as if someone waded through it not long ago. At the far edge of the meadow, against the western sky, a few cloud feathers drift leisurely behind the clock tower's silhouette. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
Outside the Cottage Blooming with color and fragrance, a tidy garden snuggles against the stone cottage to the south. Ivy frames the whitewashed front door; starched white curtains hang in a diamond-paned window. A faint path forks southeast and southwest around the cottage, toward the back. To the north, across the lane that runs through the village, a few small cottages line the road. The clock tower looms further west, silhouetted against the sky. The monotonous hum of machinery drills steadily into your ears. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. 
The footpath snaking down from the northeastern forest has widened here into a country lane. Gravel crunches beneath your feet and a warm breeze riffles your hair as you walk in the sun. Some distance to the west, a few small cottages flock together like children telling secrets. Smoke curls from the chimney of the cottage nearest to you. Beyond the village, further west, a clock tower rises above the surrounding roofs. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you." 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly. 
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth. 
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you. 
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. 
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. 
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. 
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. 
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - swamp gas You're bitten by chiggers.
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - swamp gas
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: evil smelling mud - cypress tree - swamp gas
You' re in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! You're bitten by chiggers.
You' re in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! Your chigger bites are now infected.
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is an empty bottle here.
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force.
Side of the Church The trees close in here, their storm-tossed branches seeming to reach clawing limbs towards the back of the church. The weeds have run wild here and ivy climbs its way up the back of the building. A faint path continues around the church to the southeast and the southwest. The south wall of the church looms blankly overhead.
Side of the Church The trees close in here, their storm-tossed branches seeming to reach clawing limbs towards the back of the church. The weeds have run wild here and ivy climbs its way up the back of the building. A faint path continues around the church to the southeast and the southwest. The south wall of the church looms blankly overhead. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force.
Side of the Church The trees close in here, their storm-tossed branches seeming to reach clawing limbs towards the back of the church. The weeds have run wild here and ivy climbs its way up the back of the building. A faint path continues around the church to the southeast and the southwest. The south wall of the church looms blankly overhead. Lightning arcs overhead, followed instantly by a blast of thunder.
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing.
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. For a brief moment, hail pounds against you then subsides.
( on the chair) . Your Office (on the chair) Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. Your desk fills nearly half the room. There is a knock on the door.
You are at a coffin in a graveyard, with walls to the north, east, and west. A blue mist hangs over the graveyard. The coffin is open with a vampire in it!
In the Carpet You are in the midst of the white monster. Your sure that if you dropped anything it could definaintly be found here. It's not that interesting down here, or not what you would excpect. No Fraggles, and the roots of the shags are pretty nasty.
You are in a space ship, you would guess in the control capsule. It looks like a white cylinder, about 2 metres long and diameter 2 metres. Slight gravity. Wires are taped together and to the wall. A hatch leads down. A computer shows the status of various ship functions. All lights are green at the moment. . You can also see a window here.
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here. The clock chimes a quarter past the hour. Your heart skips a beat and you realize you need to get moving. .
This is the old familiar Upstairs Hall. There are doors leading East, North and South, and stairs leading down. The clock strikes the half-hour. Your mother calls from the other room that you need to hurry.
Living Room Your Living Room, with a TV, stereo, couch, and a floor rug. / To the East is your Kitchen. A Hallway leads North. To the South is your / Bathroom. To the West is the Garage. A set of stairs leads up. . You can see a Couch here.
Living Room Your Living Room, with a TV, stereo, couch, and a floor rug. / To the East is your Kitchen. A Hallway leads North. To the South is your / Bathroom. To the West is the Garage. A set of stairs leads up. . You can see a Couch here. The clock strikes again. Fifteen minutes before time to go.
Living Room Your Living Room, with a TV, stereo, couch, and a floor rug. / To the East is your Kitchen. A Hallway leads North. To the South is your / Bathroom. To the West is the Garage. A set of stairs leads up. . You can see a Couch here. Your Mom comes into the room and tells you it's time to go to the Church. She packs you and everything you've packed into the car and hauls you up there.101
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. You and your friend Ryan help load the bus. You get in the line and start passing equipment down the line.Ryan cracks his knuckles. 'Sounds like an earthquake, huh?'
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan digs in his pack for a minute and pulls out his permission slip. he checks it carefully, nods to himself, and puts it away.
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. One of the moms is giving the scoutmaster a bag of medicine for her son. Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan digs through his pack. 'Doggone it,' he gripes. 'I forgot something.'
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. 'I hope we don't have an earthquake while we're underground,' shivers Ryan.
You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. The cliff must be an impenetrable wall from the perspective of those down below.
You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. Let's hope you don't accidently get knocked over the edge.
( in the Fifth Seat) All lights in the diner seem extraordinarily dim. The jukebox in the corner glows yellow and red and purple casting its colors onto the table and pictures on the walls. Only barstools and a bar stand in this diner. It is a cramped little place not unlike a sort of hopeless retreat for the sinners and loners. The exit lies through the door left ajar to the southwest. . A waitress leans against the counter staring out the window. You can see in her eyes the image of a soulless individual. You can see a Jukebox and a Baroness here.
( in the Fifth Seat) An old woman on the side of the street beckons you to hear her plead for forgiveness. Her gaze does not lie on you however, but rather at the cobblestone below, still damp and reflecting the faint yellow glow from the streetlight. You stand at the corner of a boutique and butcher's shop. Tenements covered in grime and accessed through bolted doors prove this street's vacancy. A rumble of thunder booms throughout the night sky You can see an Old Woman here.
( in the Fifth Seat) An old woman on the side of the street beckons you to hear her plead for forgiveness. Her gaze does not lie on you however, but rather at the cobblestone below, still damp and reflecting the faint yellow glow from the streetlight. You stand at the corner of a boutique and butcher's shop. Tenements covered in grime and accessed through bolted doors prove this street's vacancy. Old rusty cars pass down the street, their drivers hidden inside the dingy metal boxes. A group of rats fester in a knocked over garbage can. You can see an Old Woman here.
In the desert (in the Fifth Seat) You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher taunts you from up above. You can see a Vulcher here.
In the desert (in the Fifth Seat) You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The wind picks up a nebula of dust then dies down again. You can see a Vulcher here.
In the desert (in the Fifth Seat) You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . Red clouds form off in the distance. You can see a Vulcher here.
In the desert (in the Fifth Seat) You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher peers down at you looking for something to steal. You can see a Vulcher here.
In the desert (in the Fifth Seat) You stand in the middle of the desert on a sand deposit so large there is no dune in sight. Only the bright whitish sun hangs as the center piece to a boring portrait; A portrait you are not so sure if you are a part of. The sky glows a solemn blue turning into nothing but a haze as the horizon meets the burnt sand. In each direction you can see hazy beginnings. To the west, you make out the glow of a city street. To the east you make out a giant cauldron. To the north you are unable to make out much of anything and to the south nothing but a pale white backdrop. . The vulcher cries out in disgust, anguish, and madness. You can see a Vulcher here.
Cauldron room (in the Fifth Seat) Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. A flash of light distracts you from the otherwise terrifying place. You can see a Cauldron here.
Cauldron room (in the Fifth Seat) Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. Deep throbbing rumbles vibrate from your surroundings. You can see a Cauldron here.
The inside of a coffee mug (in the Fifth Seat) You find yourself on the inside of a white coffee mug. If it wasn't for the faint breeze of a diner fan above you it would be hard to tell where you were. It is a good thing the contents of this cup have been drunk already although you can still make out the scent of a freshly poured cup of Joe. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. You smell breakfast being cooked above you.
The inside of a coffee mug (in the Fifth Seat) You find yourself on the inside of a white coffee mug. If it wasn't for the faint breeze of a diner fan above you it would be hard to tell where you were. It is a good thing the contents of this cup have been drunk already although you can still make out the scent of a freshly poured cup of Joe. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. An enormous spoon, by comparison to your newly found size, rests against the rim and extends down to the bottom of the cup. What confounded science has brewed the pot of coffee likely just finished by a diner patron? You begin to realize the enormity of the void and the vast potential it stores. Are you still in control of it?
( in the Fifth Seat) You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. Let's hope you don't accidently get knocked over the edge.
( in the Fifth Seat) You almost walk yourself right off the edge of the cliff before embracing a rock to hold you back. It's as if this cliff divides what is real and what isn't. From a certain angle you wouldn't even know it is there. You can't make out what is below except for a haziness drenched in mystery. The cliff must be an impenetrable wall from the perspective of those down below.
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. On the massive pedestal is the Toaster of Battle Creek. You can see a coyote skeleton here.
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries. On the massive pedestal is the Toaster of Battle Creek.
Closet of Horrors For someone who concocts complicated, concise schemes involving the death of innocents, Doctor Nova really doesn't know how to keep a clean closet! You can barely move in all of this junk; you can barely see as well. The kitchen is to the west.
the study Max is in cantor Diamond's study. The cantor is a tall man with an open face and kind eyes. Max is listening to him sing a passage from the haftorah. Morris Diamond has the most beautiful voice in the world. Long before Max has ever heard opera, he has heard enough of Morris Diamond to change his life forever. When he hears the cantor sing he is swept up in the peculair feeling of tremendous joy and unspeakable sorrow. The cantor's voice touches him in a way that Max can never forget. Morris asks Max to repeat the passage. Although he does not have a bad singing voice, his chanting cannot compare with the cantor's. Max begins to weep, not for his lack of talent, but for his lack of feeling. How could he follow such a voice. Morris Diamond goes to his desk and opens a drawer. He takes out a small book and places it on the table before Max.
the parlor Max is sitting next to Cora on a large green couch. It is the hottest day of the summer. They are content to sip lemonade, chat softly and wait for Cora's roommate to leave the stuffy apartment. Max's desire for Cora is finally answered as she slips into his arms. He unbottons her blouse and beholds a vision that will mark him for the rest of his life. Cora's breasts are beautiful She wears a small silver cross around her neck which falls with erotic precision in the tuck of her cleavage. A drop of sweat has beaded up on Cora's collar bone and falls slowly down to meet the cross. For Max, the drop of sweat is pure magic, the most remarkable thing he has ever witnessed in his entire life. Cora looks at him warmly and smiles. You can see a huge fish (which is closed) and a small book here.
the parlor Max is sitting next to Cora on a large green couch. It is the hottest day of the summer. They are content to sip lemonade, chat softly and wait for Cora's roommate to leave the stuffy apartment. Max's desire for Cora is finally answered as she slips into his arms. He unbottons her blouse and beholds a vision that will mark him for the rest of his life. Cora's breasts are beautiful She wears a small silver cross around her neck which falls with erotic precision in the tuck of her cleavage. A drop of sweat has beaded up on Cora's collar bone and falls slowly down to meet the cross. For Max, the drop of sweat is pure magic, the most remarkable thing he has ever witnessed in his entire life. Cora looks at him warmly and smiles. You can see a small book here.
the parlor Max is sitting next to Cora on a large green couch. It is the hottest day of the summer. They are content to sip lemonade, chat softly and wait for Cora's roommate to leave the stuffy apartment. Max's desire for Cora is finally answered as she slips into his arms. He unbottons her blouse and beholds a vision that will mark him for the rest of his life. Cora's breasts are beautiful She wears a small silver cross around her neck which falls with erotic precision in the tuck of her cleavage. A drop of sweat has beaded up on Cora's collar bone and falls slowly down to meet the cross. For Max, the drop of sweat is pure magic, the most remarkable thing he has ever witnessed in his entire life. Cora looks at him warmly and smiles. You can see a huge fish (which is closed) here.
the parlor Max is sitting next to Cora on a large green couch. It is the hottest day of the summer. They are content to sip lemonade, chat softly and wait for Cora's roommate to leave the stuffy apartment. Max's desire for Cora is finally answered as she slips into his arms. He unbottons her blouse and beholds a vision that will mark him for the rest of his life. Cora's breasts are beautiful She wears a small silver cross around her neck which falls with erotic precision in the tuck of her cleavage. A drop of sweat has beaded up on Cora's collar bone and falls slowly down to meet the cross. For Max, the drop of sweat is pure magic, the most remarkable thing he has ever witnessed in his entire life. Cora looks at him warmly and smiles. You can see a small book and a huge fish (which is closed) here.
People walk up and down this ribbon of old brick buildings, alternately holding hands and giving each other the finger. Since you're on vacation, you try to remain patient long enough to take in the sights; but since these are mostly made up of the immense hotel to the south, inside which is the convention, you find this difficult. Alleys open to the southeast and southwest, and a nearby manhole gapes from within caution signs. Amazingly, given their various apparent conditions, the passersby seem to be heeding this advice (enough to avoid actually falling in, anyway).
Now this is more like what you expected. A huge machine dominates the room with projections in every direction, one almost to the ceiling. The room is lit from a large sphere atop the highest projection, brilliant colored lights crawling across its surface almost as if alive. The shifting glow reveals several people frozen in poses of jubilation, one hovering several inches above the floor, frozen in mid leap. You can see the hall through the southeastern door A diagram of some sort is attached to the wall.
Now this is more like what you expected. A huge machine dominates the room with projections in every direction, one almost to the ceiling. The room is lit from a large sphere atop the highest projection, brilliant colored lights crawling across its surface almost as if alive. The shifting glow reveals several people frozen in poses of jubilation, one hovering several inches above the floor, frozen in mid leap. The laboratory door in the southeast is closed. A diagram of some sort is attached to the wall.
Lost in the forest I'm wandering in the forest lost and completely disorientated! Everywhere I look there are strange, twisted trees, and what's more they all look exactly the same! I'm beginning to think it was a really bad idea to leave the path... Uh-oh - what's that? I could have sworn I saw a pair of big, yellow eyes staring at me through the leaves...
Lost in the forest I'm wandering in the forest lost and completely disorientated! Everywhere I look there are strange, twisted trees, and what's more they all look exactly the same! I'm beginning to think it was a really bad idea to leave the path... From somewhere comes the blood-curdling howl of a wolf...
Lost in the forest I'm wandering in the forest lost and completely disorientated! Everywhere I look there are strange, twisted trees, and what's more they all look exactly the same! I'm beginning to think it was a really bad idea to leave the path...
Lost in the forest I'm wandering in the forest lost and completely disorientated! Everywhere I look there are strange, twisted trees, and what's more they all look exactly the same! I'm beginning to think it was a really bad idea to leave the path... Can't help feeling I'm being watched...
On the porch I'm standing on the porch of the Three Bears' cottage. It would be quite pretty in a rustic sort of way had someone not seen fit to paint it gold. The front door is closed. Just south of me is the clearing in the forest. A battered old dustbin sits to one side of the porch.
Interview Room . Interview Room The six walls are metal. This is a box in which nothing happens but people talk, and fans whir air in and out to help the words move along. By the door in the north wall is a small red button that rings the buzzer for the guard, and it's smart enough to know who's pushing. This isn't a place people leave of their own accord, and they rarely come here that way either. Across the table from you, looking quite terrified, is a man.
You' re in the middle of an east-west corridor that seems to stretch on forever. Towards the west, the console room is visible and the corridor stretches out as far as you can see to the east. An open doorway to the north leads to a storage room. Ouch! You drop the match as the flame reaches your fingers.
You' re in the middle of an east-west corridor that seems to stretch on forever. Towards the west, the console room is visible and the corridor stretches out as far as you can see to the east. An open doorway to the north leads to a storage room. You can see an extinguished match here.
This is the room where you do much of your tinkering with electronic gadgetry. Many a Rutan invasion or Dalek plot has been foiled by an ingenius invention you've thrown together at last minute in this room. In fitting with your work habits, it's usually a rather untidy place. However, in your latest fit of spring cleaning you've almost emptied the place out. There's a small cupboard on the eastern wall, and on the north wall an open door connects the workshop to the corridor outside. Your workbench dominates the center of the room.
This is the room where you do much of your tinkering with electronic gadgetry. Many a Rutan invasion or Dalek plot has been foiled by an ingenius invention you've thrown together at last minute in this room. In fitting with your work habits, it's usually a rather untidy place. However, in your latest fit of spring cleaning you've almost emptied the place out. There's a small cupboard on the eastern wall, and on the north wall a closed door connects the workshop to the corridor outside. Your workbench dominates the center of the room.
The central hub of the apartment, both concerning layout and use. In a big, open space, living and cooking areas are joined, separated merely by a small step elevating the latter. So I can spend the whole day here; whether I'm sitting at the bar or relaxing on one of the couches, for example with one of the books from the shelves. Only the bathroom and the bedroom are separated by doors. In the direction of the entrance area, the open space narrows in a soft curve.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. An iron pot has come to rest at the edge of the footpath, near a tree. You can also see a bent spoon and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf sneaks up behind you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish here.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?"
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. The wolf is back again, hanging around. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You can also see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!"
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?"
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg removes a handkerchief from his pocket and polishes a pair of spectacles. You can also see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf is back again, hanging around.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf is back again, hanging around.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish here. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a cracked porcelain dish here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish and a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon here. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. The wolf is back again, hanging around.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. At your feet, a green and yellow basket lies on its side. Whoever dropped it must have been in a hurry, because the contents have spilled out and are strewn everywhere. You can also see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed), a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed), a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. "Hey, what are you doing?" demands the wolf suspiciously. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon, a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Surprise!" The wolf jumps out in front of you. "Gotcha that time, didn't I?" The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a bent spoon here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf sneaks up behind you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back." The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm outta here," the wolf announces loudly.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed), a cracked porcelain dish and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a wolf, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) here. "Did you miss me?" barks the wolf. "I'm back."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf exits, stage left.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) here. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!"
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon, a pot (which is closed) and a wolf here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a bent spoon and a pot (which is closed) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a bent spoon here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. The wolf is back again, hanging around. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "I'm blowin' this joint," the wolf explains as he shoves his way past you. "I got places to go, people to see, things to do."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. You notice a familiar-looking wolf lurking in the vicinity. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a cracked porcelain dish, a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here. The wolf leans casually on one elbow and watches you, chewing on his toothpick.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here. "Listen up," warns the wolf. "In case you forgot, I get blamed for everything around here. So watch it. I ain't takin' no rap for you."
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here. The wolf yawns widely enough for you to count all his teeth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed), a bent spoon and a wolf here. "Later," growls the wolf, waving a paw in your direction as he trots past.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here. The wolf sneaks up behind you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a picnic basket (which is empty), a pot (which is closed) and a bent spoon here.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a cracked porcelain dish, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf loiters in the area, keeping an eye on you.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf, a bent spoon, a picnic basket (which is empty) and a pot (which is closed) here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf and a picnic basket (which is empty) here. "Don't mind me; I was just leaving," mentions the wolf over his shoulder as he skulks out of sight.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a picnic basket (which is empty) here. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf leaves after a quick reconnaissance.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. You can see a wolf here. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
Wet branches slap your face, their icy needles stinging. Dense underbrush creeps in from all sides. With each step, mud oozes into your shoes. Insects drop from above and crawl through your hair; knuckles scrape against rough bark. The path hooks from south to southwest here, slithering between the trees like a snake. Faint rustling sounds catch your ear, but when you turn to look, all is still and quiet. The wolf sneaks up behind you. The wolf grins at you as he twirls the toothpick in his mouth.
The sun has disappeared. Only a narrow north-south passage winds through the forest here; trees and gnarled undergrowth barricade all other exits. Chill air seeps up from the ground and coils around your body, reaching down your neck with insistent, clammy fingers. A slight movement attracts your attention. It's that wolf again. The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg hums a little tune your mother used to sing at bedtime. You can also see a wolf here. "I'll be right back," confides the wolf.
The ramshackle wooden fence in front of you seems to lurch from one horizon to the other. Although it hasn't fallen over yet, it threatens to at any moment, and if that egg isn't careful... The footpath running along the fence veers sharply north. The egg flicks an invisible piece of lint off his shirt. "Heads up!" shouts the wolf in your ear. "Ha, ha, made you look!" The wolf shifts the toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other.
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is slightly ajar.
You are at the top of the Great Canyon on its west wall. From here there is a marvelous view of the canyon and parts of the Frigid River upstream. Across the canyon, the walls of the White Cliffs join the mighty ramparts of the Flathead Mountains to the east. Following the Canyon upstream to the north, Aragain Falls may be seen, complete with rainbow. The mighty Frigid River flows out from a great dark cavern. To the west and south can be seen an immense forest, stretching for miles around. A path leads northwest. It is possible to climb down into the canyon from here. There is a sword here.
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. On the ground is a pile of leaves.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. There is a brown sack here.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a sword here. There is a brown sack here.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a brown sack here.
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. The lamp is nearly out.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. There is a sword here.
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. There is a brown sack here.
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a closed trap door at your feet. There is a brass lantern (battery-powered) here.
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. There is a sword here.
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. There is a brown sack here.
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable. The lamp appears a bit dimmer.
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. There is a sword here.
This is an art gallery. Most of the paintings have been stolen by vandals with exceptional taste. The vandals left through either the north or west exits. Fortunately, there is still one chance for you to be a vandal, for on the far wall is a painting of unparalleled beauty.
This is an art gallery. Most of the paintings have been stolen by vandals with exceptional taste. The vandals left through either the north or west exits.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down. Loosely attached to a wall is a small piece of paper.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down. Loosely attached to a wall is a small piece of paper. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down. Someone carrying a large bag is casually leaning against one of the walls here. He does not speak, but it is clear from his aspect that the bag will be taken only over his dead body. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down. The lamp is nearly out.
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down. You'd better have more light than from the brass lantern.
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a brown sack here. On the ground is a pile of leaves.
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. There is a ZORK owner's manual here.
You are in open forest, with a deep valley to one side. Your lamp is getting dim.
At your feet all the water of the stream splashes into a 2-inch slit in the rock. Downstream the streambed is bare rock. Your lamp has run out of power.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a bloody axe here.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto. There is a bloody axe here.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto. The thief, finding nothing of value, left disgusted.
This is part of a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
You have come to a dead end in the maze.
This is part of a maze of twisty little passages, all alike. The lamp is nearly out.
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime Your chigger bites are now infected.
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas The bites have rotted your whole body. Misty Room You're in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN!
Please give one of the answers above.
You are in open forest near both a valley and a road. Your lamp is getting dim.
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog leaps at you, raking your chest with its claws and leaving a trail of red.
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. You feel a flash of searing pain as the dog latches onto your side with its teeth.
Front of the Church Two massive oak trees which flank the cracked sidewalk dominate the front of the church. The facade of the church itself rises beyond them, its steeple silhouetted against the sky. The storm lashes at its faded white facade, almost as if the storm is trying to wash the church clean; something you somehow realize will take more than mere water to accomplish. To the north, a sidewalk leads to the front of the church. A weed-choked driveway runs to the northeast and down a hill to the south, and a muddy path leads around the church to the northwest. The church and steeple loom to the north, the open window frames seeming to stare with judgment upon anyone standing before it. A formidable looking guard dog stands here. The dog finally manages to latch onto your throat. Your last sight is of your blood splattering onto its face. . *** You have died ***
You are in a very dark tunnel. The tunnel heads to the east, while a hole in the ceiling allows exit from the darkness.
You plunge through limitless abysses of inexplicably coloured twilight and distorted sound, whose material and gravitational properties are beyond reason and understanding. The abysses are by no means vacant, being crowded with hazy objects, much like shadows, that are moving around in a haphazard manner. A cascade of red colour explodes below you.
You are in a smallish cubic room. two opposite walls are hatches, but without any obvious way of opening them You can see a hatch here. Your head hurts. You hear hissing and the air starts to thin around you. Your breathing becomes difficult and your skin feels funny.
Small room. You are in a smallish cubic room. two opposite walls are hatches, but without any obvious way of opening them You can see a hatch here. The air in your lungs is pressing against your lungs painfully
This is the hub of a research base. Doors lead north to the bio labs, east to the comm station, south to the telescope room, west to the habitation module and a hatch leads up. The walls are the light grey of breezeblock. The ceiling is low and made of coated metal. You can see a blue door, a green door, a hatch and a note here.
This is the hub of a research base. Doors lead north to the bio labs, east to the comm station, south to the telescope room, west to the habitation module and a hatch leads up. The walls are the light grey of breezeblock. The ceiling is low and made of coated metal. You can see a blue door, a green door and a hatch here.
You are in a longish room. Low humming coming from an electron microscope in a corner. Probably a vacuum pump of some sort. There is a smell of formaldehyde and cleaning fluid. A workbench is in front of you. On it is a computer. A glass cabinet stands in one corner. Vials are inside. . You can also see a computer here.
on the floor trying to get blood flowing back into your hands and face.
Communications room This is a small room. There is lots of junk here, not much of it looks interesting. There is a large radio here. .
Communications room This is a small room. There is lots of junk here, not much of it looks interesting. .
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is empty) here.
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Bed and a Dresser (which is empty) here. The clock strikes the half-hour. Your mother calls from the other room that you need to hurry.
This is your Parents' Bedroom. You KNOW you aren't supposed to be in here. A Door to the South leads to the Upstairs Hall. You can see a Fresh Batteries here.
This is your Parents' Bedroom. You KNOW you aren't supposed to be in here. A Door to the South leads to the Upstairs Hall.
This is your Parents' Bedroom. You KNOW you aren't supposed to be in here. A Door to the South leads to the Upstairs Hall. Your Mom comes into the room and tells you it's time to go to the Church. She packs you and everything you've packed into the car and hauls you up there.101
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. . Colin is helping load the bus. 'Did you bring your Gameboy?' Ryan asks. 'Mine's out of batteries.'
This is one of the largest caverns you have ever been in. The ceiling is forty feet up, and the walls are quite a ways away. The ceiling is supported by massive pillars formed from stalactites and stalagmites. The phosphorescent moss that lines the walls provides a dim glow. Mysterious carvings have been left on one wall. There is an opening to the east. In the center of the cave stands the object of your quest: The massive, thirty-foot pedestal on which the legendary Toaster of Battle Creek has stood for centuries.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. You can see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here.
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. You can also see some wrapping paper with reindeer on here. Austin looks ineffable again.
Over the East Wing The air is dusty and warm, almost making you choke in this rather empty area. The attic turns from northwest to east, and there is also a tight doorway leading west. A short flight of wooden steps leads down and to the south. You can see some wrapping paper with reindeer on here.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin rolls in from the winery.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin ambles away to the winery.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin scurries in from the winery.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin looks ineffable again.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin rolls over on his back and stretches.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin, bored again, disappears through the trap door.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin, your ginger cat, jumps up through the trap door.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin sidles in from the winery.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin ambles in from the winery.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin purrs and licks one of his paws.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin tiptoes away to the winery.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin runs in from the servant's bedroom.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. A hinged trapdoor in the floor stands open, and light streams in from below. Austin yawns.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. You can see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here. Austin rolls in from the conservatory.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. You can see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here. Austin strolls in from the conservatory.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. You can also see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here. Austin strolls away to the attic.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. You can also see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here. Austin yawns.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. You can also see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here.
This small cavity at the north end of the attic once housed all manner of home-made wine paraphernalia, now lost and unlamented. Steps, provided with a good strong banister rail, lead down and to the west, and the banister rail continues along a passage east. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. You can also see a labelled glass demijohn (which is closed) (in which are a nasty-looking red battery and a tourist map) here. Austin purrs and licks one of his paws.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin purrs and licks one of his paws.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin rolls over on his back and stretches.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin yawns.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin oozes away to the potting room.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin strolls away to the potting room.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin springs in from the potting room like a scalded cat, but hastily rearranges himself to his usual "cool slob" demeanour.
Jemima' s Lair This used to be called the Conservatory, before Aunt Jemima took it over to potter about with plants, painting and indeed (on occasion) pottery. She has filled the place with objets trouves and bric-a-brac, and hung up a home-made calendar of watercolours. Even the old airing cupboard to the south is cluttered. An open doorway leads back southwest onto the upstairs landing, and you can hear the chaotic noise of suitcases being manhandled about - good thing nobody's seen you. A narrow staircase leads up and to the east into the attic. Jemima herself seems to be in the potting room to the west. Austin, your incorrigible ginger cat, lounges around here. Austin looks ineffable again.
A disused storage room off the winery. In one wall is an opening onto an ominous dark shaft, and beside it is a big Victorian-steam-engine style wheel with a handle on. Inside the dark shaft is the old dumbwaiter. A steel wrench gathers dust in the corner.
A space about six feet square. The old drying racks now contain odd ceramic sculptures almost but not quite unrecognisable as coffee mugs. One corner is filled with an enormous pile of tie-dyed sheets, from Aunt Jemima's infamous Sixties Revival period of last October.
You have won *** . In that game you scored 0 out of a possible 50, in 1000 turns. Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game or QUIT?
The front drive of your great aunt's house, now your house. To the south, wide stone steps lead up to the front door. A gravel path runs round the sides of the house to east and west. You hear the distinctive scrunching of tyres on the gravel drive. As you watch, a shiny sports car pulls up at an unlikely angle, spraying gravel in all directions. A young man in a suit climbs out and nods curtly at you (rather than to you, it seems) before climbing the steps. You can barely believe your senses as he produces a key and turns it in the lock, then opens the door and strides inside, slamming the door behind himself.
The front drive of your great aunt's house, now your house. To the south, wide stone steps lead up to the front door. A gravel path runs round the sides of the house to east and west. You hear the distinctive scrunching of tyres on the gravel drive. As you watch, a shiny sports car pulls up at an unlikely angle, spraying gravel in all directions. A young man in a suit climbs out and nods curtly at you (rather than to you, it seems) before climbing the steps. You can barely believe your senses as he opens the door and strides inside, slamming the door behind himself.
Side of House The shady west side of the Hall. This area seems more neglected than the rest of the grounds, and there is a definite chill in the air. The gravel path runs around the corner of the Hall to both north and south. At the very foot of the Hall's west wall are three tiny basement windows.
Outside the Maze At one time, any country house worthy of the name boasted a hedge maze, and Gharston is no exception. The entrance, marked by a gap in the wall of conifer hedges, lies just to the west. The gravel path that runs around the Hall continues north and east.
Outside the Garden Shed A little garden shed is tucked out of sight just to the west of this secluded corner of the garden, while the gravel path runs nearby to the north. A rather disagreeable odour wafts on a slight breeze from the nearby compost heap. You can see a compost heap here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. On the cooker is a saucepan (which is empty). You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food and a cutting board (on which is a knife)) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food and a cutting board (on which is a knife)) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which is a cutting board (on which is a knife)) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table here. "I thought you might like to see this rather stunning model of the improvements we have planned," says Brookes as he hands you a cardboard model of a building. "Very impressive, don't you agree?"
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table here.
The basement of the Hall. Empty wine racks stand along the south wall and rough stone steps lead up to the kitchen. Two tiny windows high on the west wall provides just enough light to see by. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. You can also see a shelf here.
This is the highest of a series of pools, constructed so that each flows into the next. Willow trees lean over the edge of the pool, and large boulders add a rugged, wild look. The house can be reached to the north and west, and the lower pools are arrayed down the hill to the south. A thick growth of shrubs makes it impossible to move in nearly any other direction. The Fountain Pool is completely full of muddy, stagant water.
In the maze Inside the maze everywhere looks the same: conifer hedges too tall to see over and compacted soil underfoot. The path continues ahead and branches to the left.
Street runs east to west and is bounded to the south by the brick wall of Biblioll College. The street broadens into a square here. A police constable stands here, watching the busker. A busking magician stands behind a folding trestle table, exhorting passers-by to come and watch his tricks. On the table are three inverted cups (one red, one green and one blue). "I see that you're worried," says the busker. "This isn't one of those tricks where I smash your watch with a hammer!"
You are in a shrubbery. There are paths to the north and east. There is a long thin metal rod here.
You are in a shrubbery. There are paths to the north and east.
You are in the garden at the remnants of a bonfire. There are paths to the north, west and northwest.
You are standing outside the door of a small flint hut. There are paths off to the east, west and south. The door is closed.
You are standing outside the door of a small flint hut. There are paths off to the east, west and south. The door is open.
You are inside the hut. A stone staircase leads into an abyss. The door is open.
You' re in the south stairwell. Stairs lead up, and dark, foreboding stairs lead down. There is a door to the east.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is open. . The red fish darts around furiously for a moment.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is open. . The red fish picks at the gravel in the aquarium hopefully.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is open. . The red fish swims lazily back and forth a few times.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is open. . The red fish glances at you in a bored fashion.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is open. . The red fish picks at some algae growing on the aquarium glass.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is open. . "Glub, glub."
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is closed. . The red fish darts around furiously for a moment.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is closed. . The red fish picks at some algae growing on the aquarium glass.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is closed. . The red fish picks at the gravel in the aquarium hopefully.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is closed. . The red fish glances at you in a bored fashion.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is closed. . The red fish swims lazily back and forth a few times.
A sizeable room, with all the characteristics of a student lab. Long, waist-high tables with black tops and sinks, cupboards along the walls containing all manner of arcane bottles and jars, mysterious equipment on shelves around the perimeter of the room. Nearby you see a 55-gallon aquarium containing a large red fish. Next to the aquarium is one of those mysterious pieces of equipment, a black box with three buttons. The lab door is closed. . "Glub, glub."
You' re in a short east-west hall off the main hall. You can see an elevator here. (They forgot the sign, but it's still out of order.) There is a door on the south wall.
You' re in a short east-west hall off the main hall. You can see an elevator here. (They forgot the sign, but it's still out of order.) The door on the south wall is open, leading to a janitor's closet.
Janitor' s Closet Boy, what a mess. Buckets, pails, gigantic mops, dust cloths, brooms, cleaning solutions, etc. etc. etc., are scattered about with no semblance of order. It rather resembles your apartment (the level of organization, not the contents). You manage to squeeze into it. After a few moments of looking, you think you hear something on the other side of the south wall. The door on the north wall is open.
This is the non-Euclidean room. The walls and floor seem to twist into impossible angles and directions, probably due to the large space warp in the centre of the room. The room is lit by a bay window which has a pair of heavy velvet curtains. The only easy way out is to the south, but you can make out an exit to the north in spite of the optical distortions. The curtains are open.
You' re in a small, smooth-walled room with barely enough area to stand. A pair of simple bunk beds occupy most of the cramped space. There is a panel near the door. A faint smell of ozone is coming from the vent high above the beds. The pirates must have started some electrical fires. The only door is north, but it's closed and locked.
You are standing in the middle of "Mr. Tasty's Pizza Parlor". The counter separating you from the back of the parlor stretches in front of you on the northeast corner of the room. To the south is an exit to the street.
Your apartment, on your futon . You survey your one small room. One desk, paper-piled, with a dusty computer shoved to the side. Your futon, upon which you sit. Second-hand stereo sitting on a cardboard crate. A kitchen nook one way and a bathroom nook the other, with a closet to the side. A broad mirror tries to make the place seem twice its size; it halfway works. One window, whose shade is down, and the front door firmly shut. The place is still too dim, except the corner where the desk lamp is somehow too bright. Your luggage is piled untidily by the door. A potted hyacinth sits beneath the window. On the desk are your to-do list and a travel book.
You are standing in a monastery chapel. All around you, fellow Brothers of the Order are standing, chanting. The eerie droning voices seem to reverberate into the air. At the front of the chapel, Brother Joseph stands in deep concentration, holding the Rod of the Ancients. There is a momentous pause. Brother Joseph looks at the entire Order. "May the Gods smile down upon us on this day! We go now, into the unknown!" He triumphantly joins the white cube to the end of the Rod of the Ancients. There is a sudden, blinding white flash! The chanting is instantly broken by a tremendous thunderclap! Brother Joseph is suddenly thrown back by a great force, and to your horror, the Rod of the Ancients breaks apart! Four pieces now float serenely above the altar, above a strange black globe that seems to crackle with energy. "AT LAST!"
This is it. THE SPOT A Game By Kid Vicious Release 0 / Serial number 021025 / Inform v6.15 Library 6/7 D In a room with the spot There's nothing here, except for the spot. In a room with the spot 0/1 . THE SPOT is now in its "verbose" mode, which always gives long descriptions of locations (even if you've been there before). In a room with the spot 0/2 . You are carrying nothing. In a room with the spot 0/3 . In a room with the spot There's nothing here, except for the spot. In a room with the spot 0/4 . You can't go that way. In a room with the spot 0/5 . In a room with the spot There's nothing here, except for the spot.
You plunge through limitless abysses of inexplicably coloured twilight and distorted sound, whose material and gravitational properties are beyond reason and understanding. The abysses are by no means vacant, being crowded with hazy objects, much like shadows, that are moving around in a haphazard manner. Suddenly there is a new element in your dream, one you have never experienced before. A sense of blinding fear threatens to overwhelm you as a shape appears close to you. There is nothing visually different about it, but you can't bear looking at it for very long.
This is a minor storage chamber, connected to the study through a doorway in the northern wall. There are some shelves, mostly vacant, here. On one of the shelves are two small vials, each neatly labelled and containing some green powder.
This is a minor storage chamber, connected to the study through a doorway in the northern wall. There are some shelves, mostly vacant, here. On one of the shelves is a small vial, neatly labelled and containing some green powder.
This is a minor storage chamber, connected to the study through a doorway in the northern wall. There are some shelves, mostly vacant, here.
Dust and spider webs cover all surfaces in this room in a soft silver gleam, blurring the outlines of the furnishings into fantastic, dreamy forms. The walls are lined with bookshelves and a lone desk lies at one corner. Close to a staircase, which leads further up and down the tower, is a massive table made of black stone. A doorway leads to a smaller room to the south. On the desk is a mysterious vial.
This room is a tribute to the now-faded glory of the theatre. The still- smiling faces of forgotten productions stare out from faded posters at you. An old grand staircase leads up, while the exit lies to the south. Small private doors lead northeast and northwest. [Note that the command prompt will be smaller now. Also, the PROMPT command can be used to remove the prompt completely.] What now?
This room is a tribute to the now-faded glory of the theatre. The still- smiling faces of forgotten productions stare out from faded posters at you. An old grand staircase leads up, while the exit lies to the south. Small private doors lead northeast and northwest. What now?
The upstairs hallway is really nothing more than an annex between several other rooms of the house. There are exits leading north, northeast, east and south. A stairway leads down to the west.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a moldy candy bar here.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a silver whistle and a moldy candy bar here.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a moldy candy bar here. It's difficult to think with your ears ringing.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a black cat and a moldy candy bar here. The ringing in your ears finally subsides.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a black cat and a moldy candy bar here.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a black cat here.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a black cat here. Your stomach is starting to feel much better.
Mark' s Room Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a black cat here. Your stomach is back to normal.
Mark' s Room (on the bed) Although you just finished cleaning this room an hour ago, it now looks like it hasn't been cleaned in about three weeks. The bed looks like it has been jumped on by an entire preschool. Dirty clothes are thoughtfully sprinkled across the floor, interspersed with assorted toys and food items. You can exit this mess to the south. Somehow, someone has lost their gum and thoroughly ground it into the carpet. You can also see a black cat here.
If you ever get out of here, you really must complain to the prison's standards officers. This place is dirtier and dustier than a dirt factory. If you didn't have better things to do, you'd be in the right mind too give the place a jolly good clean just too spite it. There's a heavily built door to the south. You can see a door, a bed and a pressure guage here.
You can't go that way. Cell 0/748 . Cell If you ever get out of here, you really must complain to the prison's standards officers. This place is dirtier and dustier than a dirt factory. If you didn't have better things to do, you'd be in the right mind too give the place a jolly good clean just too spite it. There's a heavily built door to the south. You can see a door, a bed and a pressure guage here.
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water There is a sword here.
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A sword of Elvish workmanship is on the ground.
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. Your head is clearer now.
You are at the southern edge of a great cavern. To the south across a shallow ford is a dark tunnel which looks like it was once enlarged and smoothed. To the north a narrow path winds among stalagmites. Dim light illuminates the cavern.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. You sink quietly down again.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. He mutters something (muffled by his beard) and disappears as suddenly as he came.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. There is a loud crackling noise. Blue smoke rises from out of the Wizard's sleeve. He sighs and disappears.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Feeble!" He cackles gleefully. All at once you feel very tired. In fact, you feel so weak that you drop the sword.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. An Elvish sword of great antiquity is here.
This is a dark tunnel with dim light to the northeast. The tunnel is smooth but dusty and filled with twigs and leaves, debris which becomes deeper as the tunnel branches into a wide corridor leading southwest and a narrower one leading southeast.
This is a dark tunnel with dim light to the northeast. The tunnel is smooth but dusty and filled with twigs and leaves, debris which becomes deeper as the tunnel branches into a wide corridor leading southwest and a narrower one leading southeast. You feel more energetic now.
The path follows the south edge of a deep ravine and heads northeast. A tunnel heads southwest, narrowing to a rather tight crawl. A faint whirring sound can be heard in that direction. On the east is a ruined archway choked with vegetation.
You are in a large circular room whose high ceiling is lost in gloom. Eight identical passages leave the room. A loud whirring sound comes from all around, and you feel sort of disoriented in here.
You are in a large circular room whose high ceiling is lost in gloom. Eight identical passages leave the room. A loud whirring sound comes from all around, and you feel sort of disoriented in here. Your head is clearer now.
This is a large room which was evidently used once as a quarry. Many large limestone chunks lie helter-skelter around the room. Some are rough-hewn and unworked, others smooth and well-finished. One side of the room appears to have been used to quarry building blocks, the other to produce menhirs (standing stones). Obvious passages lead north and south. One particularly large menhir, at least twenty feet tall and eight feet thick, is leaning against the wall blocking a dark opening leading southwest. On this side of the menhir is carved an ornate letter "F".
You are in a large circular room whose high ceiling is lost in gloom. Eight identical passages leave the room. A loud whirring sound comes from all around, and you feel sort of disoriented in here. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. Slowly, you and all your belongings rise into the air, stopping after about five feet.
A winding corridor is filled with cobwebs. Some are broken and the dust on the floor is disturbed. The trend of the twists and turns is northeast to southwest. On the north side of one twist, high up, is a narrow crack. There is a coil of black, braided string here.
A winding corridor is filled with cobwebs. Some are broken and the dust on the floor is disturbed. The trend of the twists and turns is northeast to southwest. On the north side of one twist, high up, is a narrow crack. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
A winding corridor is filled with cobwebs. Some are broken and the dust on the floor is disturbed. The trend of the twists and turns is northeast to southwest. On the north side of one twist, high up, is a narrow crack.
You are in a tight chimney of solidified lava. It extends up at least another hundred feet and down to a large room far below. A large crack opens to the south, probably the result of a shift in the rock strata.
You are in a tight chimney of solidified lava. It extends up at least another hundred feet and down to a large room far below. A large crack opens to the south, probably the result of a shift in the rock strata. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fall!" He cackles gleefully.
This is a large hall of ancient lava, since worn smooth by the movement of a glacier. A large passage exits to the east and an upward lava tube is at the top of a jumble of fallen rocks. A mass of ice fills the western half of the room.
This is a large hall of ancient lava, since worn smooth by the movement of a glacier. A large passage exits to the east and an upward lava tube is at the top of a jumble of fallen rocks. The Wizard of Frobozz is here, eyeing you warily. A mass of ice fills the western half of the room.
This is a large hall of ancient lava, since worn smooth by the movement of a glacier. A large passage exits to the east and an upward lava tube is at the top of a jumble of fallen rocks. A mass of ice fills the western half of the room. Your sword is no longer glowing.
This is a large hall of ancient lava, since worn smooth by the movement of a glacier. A large passage exits to the east and an upward lava tube is at the top of a jumble of fallen rocks. A mass of ice fills the western half of the room. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily.
This is a large hall of ancient lava, since worn smooth by the movement of a glacier. A large passage exits to the east and an upward lava tube is at the top of a jumble of fallen rocks. A mass of ice fills the western half of the room. I hope you have more light than from the lamp.
Room of Red Mist You are inside a huge crystalline sphere filled with thin red mist. The mist becomes blue to the west. You strain to look out through the mist... You see a small room with a sign on the wall, but it is too blurry to read.
Room of Blue Mist You are inside a huge crystalline sphere filled with thin blue mist. The mist becomes white to the west. You strain to look out through the mist... You look out into a large, dreary room with a great door and a huge table. There is an odd glow to the mist.
Room of White Mist You are inside a huge crystalline sphere filled with thin white mist. The mist becomes black to the west. You strain to look out through the mist... A strange blurry room is barely visible.
Room of White Mist You are inside a huge crystalline sphere filled with thin white mist. The mist becomes black to the west. You strain to look out through the mist... A strange blurry room is barely visible. An odd sinuous shadow crosses the mist as you look.
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. You suddenly decide that the Wizard isn't that terrifying...
You are standing at the southern end of a narrow tunnel where it opens into a wide cavern. The cavern is dimly illuminated by phosphorescent mosses clinging to its high ceiling. A deep ravine winds through the cavern, with a small stream at the bottom. The walls of the ravine are steep and crumbly. A foot bridge crosses the ravine to the south. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Freeze!" He cackles gleefully. Your limbs suddenly feel like they have turned to stone. You can't move a muscle.
You are at the bottom of a seemingly endless stair, winding its way upward beyond your vision. An eerie light, coming from all around you, casts strange shadows on the walls. To the south is a dark and winding trail.
You are at the junction of a north-south passage and an east-west passage. To the north, you can make out the bottom of a stairway. The ways to the east and south are relatively cramped, but a wider trail leads to the west. Standing before you is a great rock. Imbedded within it is an Elvish sword.
You are west of the junction, where the rock-bound passage widens out into a large, flat area. Although the land here is barren, you can see vegetation to the west. South of here is a mighty wall of stone, ancient and crumbling. To the southwest the wall has decayed enough to form an opening, through which seeps a thin mist. A trail dips sharply into rocky terrain to the northwest.
You are west of the junction, where the rock-bound passage widens out into a large, flat area. Although the land here is barren, you can see vegetation to the west. South of here is a mighty wall of stone, ancient and crumbling. To the southwest the wall has decayed enough to form an opening, through which seeps a thin mist. A trail dips sharply into rocky terrain to the northwest. There is a great tremor from within the earth. The entire dungeon shakes violently and loose debris starts to fall from above you.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. Through the shadows, a cloaked and hooded figure appears before you, blocking the southern exit from the room and carrying a brightly glowing sword. From nowhere, the sword from the junction appears in your hand, wildly glowing!
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the south. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. You are wounded by a lightning thrust!
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the south. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure swings its sword and sends yours flying to the ground. Although you are defenseless, the figure reaches for your sword and hands it back to you, nodding grimly.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the south. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure catches you off guard and wounds you!
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the south. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. In your wounded state, you cannot defend yourself against your still-quick opponent. Slowly and carefully, the figure starts to remove its hood as you fall to the ground, dead. **** You have died **** You find yourself deep within the earth in a barren prison cell. Outside the iron-barred window, you can see a great, fiery pit. Flames leap up and very nearly sear your flesh. After a while, footfalls can be heard in the distance, then closer and closer.... The door swings open, and in walks an old man. He is dressed simply in a hood and cloak, wearing a few simple jewels,
You are in a narrow tunnel whose entrance has been blocked by gigantic, translucent boulders. Your only option is to continue to the northeast, where the tunnel gradually widens. The lantern dims a little.
It' s pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. Oh no! A lurking grue slithered into the room and devoured you! . *** You have died *** . In that game you scored 0 out of a possible 100, in 35 turns, earning you the rank of would-be adventurer. Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, give the FULL score for that game or QUIT?
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. There is a sword here.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a brown sack here. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. On the ground is a pile of leaves.
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. A "lean and hungry" gentleman just wandered through, carrying a large bag. Finding nothing of value, he left disgruntled.
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. Someone carrying a large bag is casually leaning against one of the walls here. He does not speak, but it is clear from his aspect that the bag will be taken only over his dead body. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly. The thief comes in from the side, feints, and inserts the blade into your ribs. It appears that that last blow was too much for you. I'm afraid you are dead. **** You have died **** Now, let's take a look here... Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything. Forest This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. There is a brown sack here.
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water
South of House You are facing the south side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded. There is a sword here.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The axe crashes against the rock, throwing sparks!
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. There is a bloody axe here. The lamp appears a bit dimmer.
This is an art gallery. Most of the paintings have been stolen by vandals with exceptional taste. The vandals left through either the north or west exits. Fortunately, there is still one chance for you to be a vandal, for on the far wall is a painting of unparalleled beauty. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
This is a narrow east-west passageway. There is a narrow stairway leading down at the north end of the room.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. On the ground is a pile of leaves.
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a sword here. There is a small mailbox here.
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. There is a brown sack here.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. On the ground is a pile of leaves. There is a brown sack here.
You are in a clearing, with a forest surrounding you on all sides. A path leads south. There is a grating securely fastened into the ground. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water
You are standing on a crude but sturdy wooden foot bridge crossing a deep ravine. The path runs north and south from here. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Freeze!" He cackles gleefully. Your limbs suddenly feel like they have turned to stone. You can't move a muscle.
You are at the southern edge of a great cavern. To the south across a shallow ford is a dark tunnel which looks like it was once enlarged and smoothed. To the north a narrow path winds among stalagmites. Dim light illuminates the cavern. The lamp appears a bit dimmer.
This is a dark tunnel with dim light to the northeast. The tunnel is smooth but dusty and filled with twigs and leaves, debris which becomes deeper as the tunnel branches into a wide corridor leading southwest and a narrower one leading southeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Float!" He cackles gleefully. Slowly, you and all your belongings rise into the air, stopping after about five feet.
This is a dark tunnel with dim light to the northeast. The tunnel is smooth but dusty and filled with twigs and leaves, debris which becomes deeper as the tunnel branches into a wide corridor leading southwest and a narrower one leading southeast. You sink quietly down again.
This is a dark tunnel with dim light to the northeast. The tunnel is smooth but dusty and filled with twigs and leaves, debris which becomes deeper as the tunnel branches into a wide corridor leading southwest and a narrower one leading southeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. Warning: @test_attr called with object 0 (PC = 11248) (will ignore further occurrences) Warning: @get_prop_addr called with object 0 (PC = 1124c) (will ignore further occurrences)
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a large, white animal partly hidden behind some trees. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. An Elvish sword of great antiquity is here. A unicorn is cropping grass on the other side of the room. A gold key hangs from a ribbon around its neck.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn here cropping grass. An Elvish sword of great antiquity is here. The unicorn bounds lightly away.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. An Elvish sword of great antiquity is here.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn here cropping grass. An Elvish sword of great antiquity is here.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. An Elvish sword of great antiquity is here. There is a beautiful unicorn eating roses here. Around his neck is a red satin ribbon on which is strung a tiny key.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. You catch a glimpse of something white between two hedges. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn here cropping grass. The unicorn bounds lightly away. Your sword is no longer glowing.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. A unicorn is cropping grass on the other side of the room. A gold key hangs from a ribbon around its neck. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn eating roses here. Around his neck is a red satin ribbon on which is strung a tiny key. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn here cropping grass.
This is the middle part of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls and a dim illumination comes from mosses far above. The path is of small crushed white stones. It winds among bushes and flower beds from south to north. To the north a small structure can be seen. To the south are peculiarly shaped bushes. There is a small gap in the hedges to the west. The unicorn bounds lightly away. Your sword is no longer glowing.
This is the middle part of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls and a dim illumination comes from mosses far above. The path is of small crushed white stones. It winds among bushes and flower beds from south to north. To the north a small structure can be seen. To the south are peculiarly shaped bushes. There is a small gap in the hedges to the west.
This is the middle part of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls and a dim illumination comes from mosses far above. The path is of small crushed white stones. It winds among bushes and flower beds from south to north. To the north a small structure can be seen. To the south are peculiarly shaped bushes. There is a small gap in the hedges to the west. A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck. Your sword is glowing with a faint blue glow.
This is the southern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls and mosses provide dim illumination. Fantastically shaped hedges and bushes are arrayed with geometric precision. They have not recently been clipped, but you can discern creatures in the shapes of the bushes: There is a dragon, a unicorn, a great serpent, a huge misshapen dog, and several human figures. On the west side of the garden the path leads through a rose arbor into a tunnel.
This is the southern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls and mosses provide dim illumination. Fantastically shaped hedges and bushes are arrayed with geometric precision. They have not recently been clipped, but you can discern creatures in the shapes of the bushes: There is a dragon, a unicorn, a great serpent, a huge misshapen dog, and several human figures. On the west side of the garden the path leads through a rose arbor into a tunnel. The topiary animals attack! You are crushed by their branches and clawed by their thorns. **** You have died **** Now, let's take a look here... Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything. Room of Red Mist You are inside a huge crystalline sphere filled with thin red mist. The mist becomes blue to the west. You strain to look out through the mist... You see a small room with a sign on the wall, but it is too blurry to read.
Mayor' s house You are in the house, at the scene of the crime. You enter and flash your badge before a cop. He admits you. To the north is the upstairs. To the east is the living room and to the west is the dining room.
Living room You are standing in the living room. You see a battered piece of wood. You wonder "Should I pick this thing up?". Well, whether you do or don't the only way out of the room is back west. You can see a wooden wood here.
Living room You are standing in the living room. You see a battered piece of wood. You wonder "Should I pick this thing up?". Well, whether you do or don't the only way out of the room is back west.
Dining room You are in the dining room. You look around and see a note on the table. You can go back east. You can see a paper note here.
Dining room You are in the dining room. You look around and see a note on the table. You can go back east.
Upstairs hallway You are in the hallway of the large house of the mayor. It is an amazingly large house. You can go north, south, east or west.
You are at the end of the hallway. To the north is a room, while to the west is the rest of the hallway.
You are in the hallway. To the north is more hallway, and to the east is a door marked "Guests".
You are STILL in the hallway. There is EVEN MORE hallway to the north, and a room to the west and a room to the east of you.
You are in a closet. There is no reason to be in here. Go west.
You are in a small closet. The room is bare. Why not go east and get back to the situation at hand?
You are still in the hallway. You can go north to where there is a police officer who will let you outside, or you can go east or west.
You pass the guard. He nods at you. You are now outside standing on the street. You can go north and east, your choice. To the north is more of the street, and to the east is a video store.
You are at a dead end. You can go south or west. Which way?
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. On the ground is a pile of leaves.
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a brown sack here. There is a small mailbox here.
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. There is a sword here.
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. There is a sword here. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird.
This is an art gallery. Most of the paintings have been stolen by vandals with exceptional taste. The vandals left through either the north or west exits. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. Someone carrying a large bag is casually leaning against one of the walls here. He does not speak, but it is clear from his aspect that the bag will be taken only over his dead body. The thief rams the haft of his blade into your stomach, leaving you out of breath.
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. The thief slowly approaches, strikes like a snake, and leaves you wounded.
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. You parry a lightning thrust, and the thief salutes you with a grim nod.
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. Shifting in the midst of a thrust, the thief knocks you unconscious with the haft of his stiletto. The thief, a pragmatist, dispatches you as a threat to his livelihood. It appears that that last blow was too much for you. I'm afraid you are dead. **** You have died **** Now, let's take a look here... Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything. Forest This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. On the ground is a pile of leaves.
You are in a small clearing in a well marked forest path that extends to the east and west. There is a glass bottle here. The glass bottle contains: A quantity of water
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a ZORK owner's manual here. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a ZORK owner's manual here.
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: *DIAMOND RING* - cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas
You' re in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN! The bites have rotted your whole body. Misty Room You're in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN!
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: *DIAMOND RING* - cypress tree - swamp gas
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: evil smelling mud - *DIAMOND RING* - cypress tree - swamp gas
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: evil smelling mud - *DIAMOND RING* - cypress tree - swamp gas The bites have rotted your whole body. Misty Room You're in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN!
You' re in a branch on the top of an old oak tree. To the east you see a meadow beyond a lake. Obvious exits: Down. Your chigger bites are now infected.
You' re on the shore of a lake. Obvious exits: North, South, West, Down. You can also see: water - *GOLDEN FISH* - sign reads- NO SWIMMING ALLOWED The bites have rotted your whole body. Misty Room You're in a large misty room with strange letters over the exits. Obvious exits: South, East, West, Up, Down. You can also see: sign reads- LIMBO. FIND RIGHT EXIT AND LIVE AGAIN!
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. The flat of the troll's axe skins across your forearm.
West of House You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door. There is a small mailbox here. The small mailbox contains: A leaflet
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring. There is a shiny brass lamp nearby. There is an empty bottle here.
You are in a 20-foot depression floored with bare dirt. Set into the dirt is a strong steel grate mounted in concrete. A dry streambed leads into the depression. You can also see a set of keys here.
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. A smaller limb has broken off of the branch and is lying nearby.
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. A smaller limb has broken off of the branch and is lying nearby. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force.
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. A smaller limb has broken off of the branch and is lying nearby. A blast of thunder rattles the ground.
Side of the Church This side of the church is untended and grasses and weeds have run rampant. A muddy trail leads back to the graveyard to the west and on to the southeast and a faint path continues around the church to the northeast. To the east, the wall of the church breaks some of the force of the wind. A blast of thunder rattles the ground.
Your office is simplistic enough, you don't need much. In fact, the only vital piece of equipment here is the door so you can get out, which is to the east. This room contains an exceedingly comfortable chair. Your desk fills nearly half the room. There is a knock on the door.
Small room. You are in a smallish cubic room. two opposite walls are hatches, but without any obvious way of opening them You can see a hatch here. . The door of the airlock opens and what is left of the air in the box pushes you out into space. Later you wont remember panic, you are experiencing this with complete detachment. Thoughts slip across your mind, disappointment, surprise, confusion. Your eyes hurt from the low pressure and the unfiltered brightness of the sun, your vision is distorted. The sun is behind you, the space craft is much larger than you had expected. About 7 or 8 capsules have been loosely bolted together, it is quite beautiful. The letters ESA have been printed in bold letters to one of the capsules. Your breath slips away, and panic sets in. You begin to get light headed, your body retches for more air. You pass out. You wake up as if from a long sleep, the memory of your second death seems
This is your Bedroom. The place where you sleep. A door to the North leads to the hall. You can see a Scout Knife, a Bed and a Dresser (which is closed) here.
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. You and your friend Ryan help load the bus. You get in the line and start passing equipment down the line.
All lights in the diner seem extraordinarily dim. The jukebox in the corner glows yellow and red and purple casting its colors onto the table and pictures on the walls. Only barstools and a bar stand in this diner. It is a cramped little place not unlike a sort of hopeless retreat for the sinners and loners. The exit lies through the door left ajar to the southwest. . A waitress leans against the counter staring out the window. You can see in her eyes the image of a soulless individual. On the Bar Table is a White Knight. You can see a Jukebox and a Baroness here.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. In one corner is a jewellery box, which had previously been hidden by the open trapdoor. There is a closed trapdoor in the middle of the floor.
The attics, full of low beams and awkward angles, begin here in a relatively tidy area which extends north, south and east. The wooden floorboards seem fairly sound, just as well considering how heavy all these teachests are. But the old wiring went years ago, and there's no electric light. There is a closed trapdoor in the middle of the floor.
Kitchen of Evil You've made it to Doctor Nova's kitchen, a feat that few have accomplished (and even less have lived to talk about!). You size up the place, trying to see what one so evil munches on when plotting the pain, death, and suffering of innocents. There are exits to the north, south, and east. You can see a refrigerator (in which are a chicken and an eggplant) here.
Kitchen of Evil You've made it to Doctor Nova's kitchen, a feat that few have accomplished (and even less have lived to talk about!). You size up the place, trying to see what one so evil munches on when plotting the pain, death, and suffering of innocents. There are exits to the north, south, and east. You can see a refrigerator (in which is a chicken) here.
Kitchen of Evil You've made it to Doctor Nova's kitchen, a feat that few have accomplished (and even less have lived to talk about!). You size up the place, trying to see what one so evil munches on when plotting the pain, death, and suffering of innocents. There are exits to the north, south, and east. You can see a refrigerator (which is empty) here.
the bedroom Max is in bed with his grandfather Willie. Willie is snoring quite loudly. Max turns over to tell his grandfather to be quiet when he is assailed by the smell of grandfather's breath. Willie is fond of cigars and they give his breath the aroma of used dragon smoke. Max starts to get out of bed, but finds he is surrounded by an impenetrable darkness. The bed seems to be floating. Willie begins talking in his sleep. "What's the matter with you," he says. "You never listen to anything I tell you. You think you're so smart. You're a bum just like your father. Never listen to me." Willie begins to swing his hands in his sleep. Max ducks and dodges. Finally he lifts his pillow in self defense. Under the pillow is a wet cigar.
You have won *** . In that game you scored 0 out of a possible 50, in 1167 turns. Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game or QUIT?
A low hum is the only sound that arises from the serried ranks of computers. The few remaining students, shackled like slaves to the projects in front of them, appear almost frozen in the glare from the flourescent lights. You can escape to the northeast. The students sit at their desks, still as statues. You can also see a computer here.
Now this is more like what you expected. A huge machine dominates the room with projections in every direction, one almost to the ceiling. The room is lit from a large sphere atop the highest projection, brilliant colored lights crawling across its surface almost as if alive. The shifting glow reveals several people frozen in poses of jubilation, one hovering several inches above the floor, frozen in mid leap. You can see the hall through the southeastern door A diagram of some sort is attached to the wall. You can also see a back pack (which is closed) here.
( on the narrow rug) I left this large room a lot of empty space to breathe. The wide futon stands in the centre, a wardrobe on the living room wall. A narrow rug stretches out between them. The other wall is almost completely covered by a window. The door leads back into the living room.
A spacious hall with a polished black-and-white tile floor and oak-panelled walls. Doors lead east and west, and to the south a staircase leads up to the first floor. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a round table here. "Here is your copy of the purchase documents," says Brookes. "I'll keep our copy, of course. I'm sure you'll find everything in order." He hands you a sheaf of papers.
A spacious hall with a polished black-and-white tile floor and oak-panelled walls. Doors lead east and west, and to the south a staircase leads up to the first floor. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. You can also see a round table here. Brookes leaves the room.
The dining hall is populated with heavy oak furniture. The walls are covered with the portraits of your distant relatives, each in a rather severe gilt frame. Doors lead north, south and east, flanked by candlesticks mounted on brackets. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here. Brookes leaves the room.
Under a Pine Tree You stand on a springy carpet of pine needles beneath a magnificent tree. Its branches reach out in all directions, and its trunk towers above the Hall. The gravel path, almost obscured by the needles, runs west to the front of the house and south towards a tiny garden pond. A bird circles overhead. You can also see a pine needle here.
Under a Pine Tree You stand on a springy carpet of pine needles beneath a magnificent tree. Its branches reach out in all directions, and its trunk towers above the Hall. The gravel path, almost obscured by the needles, runs west to the front of the house and south towards a tiny garden pond. A bird sits on the ground here. You can also see a pine needle here.
A spacious hall with a polished black-and-white tile floor and oak-panelled walls. Doors lead east and west, and to the south a staircase leads up to the first floor. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. You can also see a round table here.
A spacious hall with a polished black-and-white tile floor and oak-panelled walls. Doors lead east and west, and to the south a staircase leads up to the first floor. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a round table here.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here. Brookes leaves the room.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. On the four-poster bed is a pillow.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. On the four-poster bed is a pillow. Brookes enters the room.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. On the four-poster bed is a pillow.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. On the four-poster bed is a pillow.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. On the four-poster bed is a pillow.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs.
The master bedroom. A four-poster bed dominates the room, although the dressing table is none too retiring, either. A door leads west to the top of the stairs. Brookes enters the room.
It is pitch dark, and you can't see a thing. A flickering light reflects from the beams of the roof; someone with a torch is ascending the stairs. A moment later, Mr. Brookes arrives. Attic A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp.
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls.
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. Brookes leaves the room. It is now pitch dark in here!
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. Brookes leaves the room. It is now pitch dark in here!
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. Brookes leaves the room. It is now pitch dark in here!
It is pitch dark, and you can't see a thing. A flickering light reflects from the beams of the roof; someone with a torch is ascending the stairs. A moment later, Mr. Brookes arrives. Attic A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes.
A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. Brookes leaves the room. It is now pitch dark in here!
This bathroom contains what is possibly the biggest bath you have ever seen. A large mirror on the wall reflects your image as you stand amongst the marbled opulence of it all. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. You can see a tropical plant, a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. You can see a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. You can see a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here. Brookes enters the room.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. You can also see a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. You can also see a net (which is empty) and a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. You can see a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. You can also see a eucalyptus here.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. You can also see a eucalyptus here. Brookes leaves the room.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here.
A bright room, obviously intended to provide an entertaining atmosphere for any visitors. The walls are lined with original prints of political cartoons, and there is even a large moose-head hunting trophy on the west wall. Doors lead east and south. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. You can also see a snooker table, a dart board, a shove ha'penny table and a moose head here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food and a cutting board) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food and a cutting board) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food and a cutting board) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food and a cutting board) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. You can also see a kitchen table (on which is a plate of food) here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here. Brookes enters the room.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, measuring the walls. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, taking photographs. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, checking for damp. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. Mr. Brookes is here, consulting his notes. There is a gas cooker here, and one of the gas burners is lit. You can also see a kitchen table here.
It is pitch dark, and you can't see a thing. A flickering light reflects from the beams of the roof; someone with a torch is ascending the stairs. A moment later, Mr. Brookes arrives. Attic A dark, dusty room beneath the beams of the roof. Mr. Brookes is here, examining the furniture.
A large conservatory, populated with a variety of tropical plants and cacti. At the centre of the room is a huge eucalyptus that has actually broken through one of the glass roof panels. Surrounding it, and ranged along the walls, are plants in pots of all shapes and sizes. The house can be reached through a doorway to the west, while a set of glass doors lead outside. You can see a eucalyptus here. Brookes enters the room.
A spacious hall with a polished black-and-white tile floor and oak-panelled walls. Doors lead east and west, and to the south a staircase leads up to the first floor. You can see a round table (on which is a cutting board) here.
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. A police constable stands here. The gate is closed. You can also see a stone here.
It is a hot summer's day in Christminster, the kind of day that makes you think of strawberries and cream and punting on the river. The morning sunlight beams down on the cobbles and on the great wooden gate of Biblioll College to the east. The gate is closed. You can also see a stone here.
that game or QUIT?
I don't understand that!
Fork in Path This path forks to the southwest and southeast.
End of Path This appears to be the end of the path. There is an exit to the northwest. You can see a raincoat (which is closed) here.
End of Path This appears to be the end of the path. There is an exit to the northwest.
End of Path This appears to be the end of the path. There is an exit to the northeast. You can see a match here.
End of Path This appears to be the end of the path. There is an exit to the northeast.
End of Path This appears to be the end of the path. There is an exit to the northeast. Your match has blown out. You toss it away.
This is the entrance to a canyon formed by an ancient river. The canyon is to the east. There is a sandy path to the northwest that seems to lead to a beach. There is a path leading into a forest to the west. Pardon me, but aren't you taking a long time?
The path here is a riverbed that has long since gone dry. The river has cut several meandering passages into the canyon, forming what looks like two rather large boulders. A passage to the north appears to go around the larger boulder, while a narrow gap to the southeast seems to go around the smaller boulder. A passage to the east cuts the rock into its separate sections. And of course, the passage to the west goes back the way you came.
This clearing is apparently a brief widening of some ancient river. There are various small passages winding around two large boulders. These are to the north, south, and west. You can see a shovel here.
This clearing is apparently a brief widening of some ancient river. There are various small passages winding around two large boulders. These are to the north, south, and west.
The water is a bit deep, but with the snorkel on you can breathe. The shore is to the south. The island looms ahead to the north.
This is the main section of the island. The primary landmark on the island is a towering rock, which lies along the coast here. There is a path to the rest of the island to the north.
This is a cylindrical room. The walls are smooth and unclimbable. There are no prominent features in this room, except for a torch securely fastened to the wall. There appears to be no way out of this room.
This is a cylindrical room. The walls are smooth and unclimbable. There are no prominent features in this room, except for a torch securely fastened to the wall. There is an exit to the southeast.
This is a cylindrical room. The walls are smooth and unclimbable. There are no prominent features in this room, except for a torch securely fastened to the wall. There is an exit to the southeast. You can see a shovel here.
Well since you cannot free yourself, and since you are by nature an air-breathing mammal I'm afraid you drown! You appear to have ceased to be, how careless of you! You have scored 6 points out of 400! Think you can do better?
You are in a crowded courthouse. The street is off to the north. "Miss Thompson," says the judge, "I've had about enough of you wasting this court's time. Unless you can demonstrate a clear threat to public safety, I'm going to recommend that Mr. Calzone be transported to a minimum security prison pending further review. His trial is to be held next week." The district attorney is clearly not happy with this pronouncement.
You are in a crowded courthouse. The street is off to the north. Jill tries desperately to convince the judge that Guido "The Armadillo" Calzone plans to escape, but it's obvious she won't get anywhere without more evidence.
You are in a crowded courthouse. The street is off to the north. Jill tries hopelessly to plead her case.
This bedroom is a medium-sized room, with an ugly flower wallpaper. A dresser sits in an awkward corner. An entrance to a small bathroom is to the west while the door to the main corridor to the east. A cheap window sits at one side. A trapdoor in the ceiling seems to lead up to an attic, although high up. The door to the hallway is currently closed. The trapdoor is closed, blocking the way into the attic. A mahogany double dresser sits here. In the dresser, there are no open drawers. You can also see a wall clock, a night-table (on which are an air freshener and a lamp) and a bed here.
You are in your room in the Monastery. It is sparsely furnished, but certainly feels like home. The exit is north. You can see a note and a sleeping pallet here.
You are in your room in the Monastery. It is sparsely furnished, but certainly feels like home. The exit is north. You can see a note here.
You are in your room in the Monastery. It is sparsely furnished, but certainly feels like home. The exit is north.
( near your quarters) You are in a hallway running west and east. The vaulted ceilings are a nice touch. Your quarters are to the south.
( near quarters of Palemon and TuffBerry) You are in a hallway running west and east. Brother TuffBerry's quarters lie to the south. Brother Palemon's quarters are to the north.
Palemon' s Quarters You are in Brother Palemon's quarters, which have been left unattended ever since Brother Palemon's unexplained disappearance many years ago. The exit is south. You can see a thin journal here.
Palemon' s Quarters You are in Brother Palemon's quarters, which have been left unattended ever since Brother Palemon's unexplained disappearance many years ago. The exit is south.
( east end) You are at the east end of an east-west hallway. Brother Joseph's quarters lie to the north, and Brother Toolbox's quarters lie to the south.
Toolbox' s Quarters You are in Brother Toolbox's quarters, vacant ever since he left the order due to differences many years ago. The exit is north. You can see a diary and a folded scroll here.
Toolbox' s Quarters You are in Brother Toolbox's quarters, vacant ever since he left the order due to differences many years ago. The exit is north. You can see a folded scroll here.
Toolbox' s Quarters You are in Brother Toolbox's quarters, vacant ever since he left the order due to differences many years ago. The exit is north.
Toolbox' s Quarters You are in Brother Toolbox's quarters, vacant ever since he left the order due to differences many years ago. The exit is north. You can see a diary here.
( east end) You are at the east end of an east-west hallway. Brother Joseph's quarters lie to the north, and Brother Toolbox's quarters lie to the south. You can see a diary here.
TuffBerry' s Quarters You are in Brother TuffBerry's quarters, vacant since he undertook his quest for Joseph not long ago. The exit is north. You can see a torn page here.
TuffBerry' s Quarters You are in Brother TuffBerry's quarters, vacant since he undertook his quest for Joseph not long ago. The exit is north.
( west end) You are at the west end of an east-west hallway. There are stairs up and down here, and an exit to the west.
You are in the Monastery gardens, where various shrubs and conifers are covered in a light blanket of snow. An open cloister lies to the west, while a doorway heads east. A small area in the snow has been cleared for late winter planting, and some sand has been sprinkled here and there.
You are in the Monastery gardens, where various shrubs and conifers are covered in a light blanket of snow. An open cloister lies to the west, while a doorway heads east.
You are in an open cloister, that runs along the Monastery gardens to the east. To the north is the main wing of the Monastery. To the south is the entrance hall.
This is the large entrance hall to the Monastery. Many a devoted visitor has passed through this place. There is an exit to the outside world to the south, and the rest of the Monastery lies to the north.
You are standing near the top of a snowy mountain peak. The wind is quite cold and is making your teeth chatter. The general vicinity is mostly snow and rock; however, the entrance into the Monastery is to the north, all but hidden from view by the enormous slabs of snow-covered rock that make up the cliff face. There is a rough but obvious trail leading down the mountain to the south. There is also another trail that winds even further up the mountain peak almost hidden in the snow to the east.
You are climbing up a small trail that gets periodically lost in great bluffs of snow. The swirling snow makes seeing an unusual effort. The trail leads downwards to a cliff face to the west, and rises towards the mountain top to the north.
You are standing on the top of a peak of the Gray Mountains. A cold wind blows snow everywhere, obscuring what would otherwise surely be a wonderful view of the surrounding countryside. You can just make out some buildings to the far south in Frostham. A snowy bluff marks the way back down, or to the west, there appears to be a snowy outcropping. It seems to hang precariously over the edge of the mountain, however.
You are floating in an empty space. Surrounding you on all sides is a great wall of flame. It would almost seem like you are trapped inside a ball of fire.
You are floating in an empty space. Surrounding you on all sides is a great wall of flame. It would almost seem like you are trapped inside a ball of fire. A wisp of smoke appears above, then fades.
You are floating in an empty space. Surrounding you on all sides is a great wall of flame. It would almost seem like you are trapped inside a ball of fire. A wisp of smoke appears to the south, then fades.
You are floating in an empty space. Surrounding you on all sides is a great wall of flame. It would almost seem like you are trapped inside a ball of fire. A wisp of smoke appears to the northeast, then fades.
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Ferment!" He cackles gleefully. You begin to feel lightheaded.
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. Your head is clearer now.
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fierce!" He cackles gleefully. You rush at the Wizard, intending to tear him limb from limb. The Wizard mumbles something under his breath, and just before you reach him, he vanishes.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. Warning: @test_attr called with object 0 (PC = 11248) (will ignore further occurrences) Warning: @get_prop_addr called with object 0 (PC = 1124c) (will ignore further occurrences)
You are at the southern edge of a great cavern. To the south across a shallow ford is a dark tunnel which looks like it was once enlarged and smoothed. To the north a narrow path winds among stalagmites. Dim light illuminates the cavern. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. There is a loud crackling noise. Blue smoke rises from out of the Wizard's sleeve. He sighs and disappears.
You are at the southern edge of a great cavern. To the south across a shallow ford is a dark tunnel which looks like it was once enlarged and smoothed. To the north a narrow path winds among stalagmites. Dim light illuminates the cavern. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fierce!" He cackles gleefully. You rush at the Wizard, intending to tear him limb from limb. The Wizard mumbles something under his breath, and just before you reach him, he vanishes.
This is a particularly damp spot even by dungeon standards. You can see a crossroads to the west, and two nearly identical passages lead east and northeast. A stone channel, wide and deep, steeply descends into the room from the south. It is covered with moss and lichen, and is far too slippery to climb. The channel crosses the room, but the opening where it once continued north is now blocked by rubble.
This is a particularly damp spot even by dungeon standards. You can see a crossroads to the west, and two nearly identical passages lead east and northeast. A stone channel, wide and deep, steeply descends into the room from the south. It is covered with moss and lichen, and is far too slippery to climb. The channel crosses the room, but the opening where it once continued north is now blocked by rubble. There is a great tremor from within the earth. The entire dungeon shakes violently and loose debris starts to fall from above you.
You have come to the end of two adjoining passages to the west and the northwest.
You are in a dark and quite creepy crawlway with passages leaving to the north, east, south, and southwest.
You are in a dark and quite creepy crawlway with passages leaving to the north, east, south, and southwest. The lamp appears a bit dimmer.
You are at a sharp turn on a narrow and steeply sloping path, strewn with boulders of various sizes. The path climbs sharply toward a desolate plain to the southeast. Southwest of here the path winds down to the base of a cliff.
This is a remarkable spot in the dungeon. Perhaps two hundred feet above you is a gaping hole in the earth's surface through which pours bright sunshine! A few seedlings from the world above, nurtured by the sunlight and occasional rains, have grown into giant trees, making this a virtual oasis in the desert of the Underground Empire. To the west is a sheer precipice, dropping nearly fifty feet to jagged rocks below. The way south is barred by a forbidding stone wall, crumbling from age. There is a jagged opening in the wall to the southwest, through which leaks a fine mist. The land to the east looks lifeless and barren. A rope is tied to one of the large trees here and is dangling over the side of the cliff, reaching down to the shelf below. It seems as if somebody has been here recently, as there is some fresh bread lying beneath one of the other trees. You catch, out of the corner of your eye, some movement among the trees.
This is a remarkable spot in the dungeon. Perhaps two hundred feet above you is a gaping hole in the earth's surface through which pours bright sunshine! A few seedlings from the world above, nurtured by the sunlight and occasional rains, have grown into giant trees, making this a virtual oasis in the desert of the Underground Empire. To the west is a sheer precipice, dropping nearly fifty feet to jagged rocks below. The way south is barred by a forbidding stone wall, crumbling from age. There is a jagged opening in the wall to the southwest, through which leaks a fine mist. The land to the east looks lifeless and barren. A rope is tied to one of the large trees here and is dangling over the side of the cliff, reaching down to the shelf below. It seems as if somebody has been here recently, as there is some fresh bread lying beneath one of the other trees. You seem to hear, from the southwest, the sounds of the sea.
This is a remarkable spot in the dungeon. Perhaps two hundred feet above you is a gaping hole in the earth's surface through which pours bright sunshine! A few seedlings from the world above, nurtured by the sunlight and occasional rains, have grown into giant trees, making this a virtual oasis in the desert of the Underground Empire. To the west is a sheer precipice, dropping nearly fifty feet to jagged rocks below. The way south is barred by a forbidding stone wall, crumbling from age. There is a jagged opening in the wall to the southwest, through which leaks a fine mist. The land to the east looks lifeless and barren. A rope is tied to one of the large trees here and is dangling over the side of the cliff, reaching down to the shelf below. It seems as if somebody has been here recently, as there is some fresh bread lying beneath one of the other trees.
This is a rock-strewn ledge near the base of a tall cliff. The bottom of the cliff is another fifteen feet below. You have little hope of climbing up the cliff face, but you might be able to scramble down from here (though it's doubtful you could return). A long piece of rope is dangling down from the top of the cliff and is within your reach. A large chest, closed and locked, is lying among the boulders.
You are at the base of a steep cliff. Directly above you is a wide ledge and far above that some natural sunlight can be seen. To the northeast is a steeply climbing path and the ground becomes sandy toward the south.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. Through the shadows, a cloaked and hooded figure appears before you, blocking the northern exit from the room and carrying a brightly glowing sword. From nowhere, the sword from the junction appears in your hand, wildly glowing!
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the north. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. You are wounded by a lightning thrust!
You are at the bottom of a seemingly endless stair, winding its way upward beyond your vision. An eerie light, coming from all around you, casts strange shadows on the walls. To the south is a dark and winding trail. There is a lamp here.
You are at the junction of a north-south passage and an east-west passage. To the north, you can make out the bottom of a stairway. The ways to the east and south are relatively cramped, but a wider trail leads to the west. Standing before you is a great rock.
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the southwest. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. Your quick reflexes cannot stop the hooded figure's stroke! You are hit!
You are west of the junction, where the rock-bound passage widens out into a large, flat area. Although the land here is barren, you can see vegetation to the west. South of here is a mighty wall of stone, ancient and crumbling. To the southwest the wall has decayed enough to form an opening, through which seeps a thin mist. A trail dips sharply into rocky terrain to the northwest. The lamp is nearly out.
You are west of the junction, where the rock-bound passage widens out into a large, flat area. Although the land here is barren, you can see vegetation to the west. South of here is a mighty wall of stone, ancient and crumbling. To the southwest the wall has decayed enough to form an opening, through which seeps a thin mist. A trail dips sharply into rocky terrain to the northwest. You'd better have more light than from the lamp.
You are in a narrow tunnel whose entrance has been blocked by gigantic, translucent boulders. Your only option is to continue to the northeast, where the tunnel gradually widens. The lantern flickers and goes out. Warning: @get_prop_addr called with object 0 (PC = 779a) (will ignore further occurrences) Warning: @get_parent called with object 0 (PC = 779d) (will ignore further occurrences) It is now pitch dark in here!
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. A small leaflet is on the ground. There is a brown sack here.
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. Sitting on the kitchen table is: A pile of leaves A leaflet A brown sack
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. Sitting on the kitchen table is: A pile of leaves A brown sack
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. Sitting on the kitchen table is: A brown sack
This is the attic. The only exit is a stairway leading down. A large coil of rope is lying in the corner. On a table is a nasty-looking knife.
This is the attic. The only exit is a stairway leading down. A large coil of rope is lying in the corner. There is a table here.
This is the attic. The only exit is a stairway leading down. There is a table here.
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable. Someone carrying a large bag is casually leaning against one of the walls here. He does not speak, but it is clear from his aspect that the bag will be taken only over his dead body.
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. There is a nasty knife here.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. On the ground is a pile of leaves. There is a rope here. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. On the ground is a pile of leaves. There is a rope here.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. There is a rope here. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. There is a rope here.
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is open. A small leaflet is on the ground.
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open. There is a rope here.
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. You'd better have more light than from the brass lantern.
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room. The lamp is nearly out.
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. The lamp is nearly out. Someone carrying a large bag is casually leaning against one of the walls here. He does not speak, but it is clear from his aspect that the bag will be taken only over his dead body. Your sword has begun to glow very brightly.
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto.
East of Chasm You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east. There is a suspicious-looking individual, holding a large bag, leaning against one wall. He is armed with a deadly stiletto. The thief just left, still carrying his large bag. You may not have noticed that he robbed you blind first.
This is a small room with passages to the east and south and a forbidding hole leading west. Bloodstains and deep scratches (perhaps made by an axe) mar the walls. A nasty-looking troll, brandishing a bloody axe, blocks all passages out of the room. You'd better have more light than from the brass lantern. The troll swings his axe, but it misses.
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue. The flat of the troll's axe hits you delicately on the head, knocking you out. The troll hesitates, fingering his axe. The troll scratches his head ruminatively: Might you be magically protected, he wonders? Conquering his fears, the troll puts you to death. It appears that that last blow was too much for you. I'm afraid you are dead. **** You have died **** Now, let's take a look here... Well, you probably deserve another chance. I can't quite fix you up completely, but you can't have everything. Forest This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. A small leaflet is on the ground. There is a brown sack here. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird.
This is a dimly lit forest, with large trees all around. A small leaflet is on the ground. There is a brown sack here.
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fireproof!" He cackles gleefully.
You are standing on a crude but sturdy wooden foot bridge crossing a deep ravine. The path runs north and south from here. You feel cooler and less angry now.
This is the center of the great cavern, carved out of the limestone. Stalactites and stalagmites of many sizes are everywhere. The room glows with dim light provided by phosphorescent moss, and weird shadows move all around you. A narrow path winds southwest among the stalagmites, and another leads northeast. The lamp appears a bit dimmer.
This is a dark tunnel with dim light to the northeast. The tunnel is smooth but dusty and filled with twigs and leaves, debris which becomes deeper as the tunnel branches into a wide corridor leading southwest and a narrower one leading southeast. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fall!" He cackles gleefully.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. A unicorn is cropping grass on the other side of the room. A gold key hangs from a ribbon around its neck.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn here cropping grass. The unicorn bounds lightly away.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A matchbook A china teapot A place mat A letter opener A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A matchbook A china teapot A place mat
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A matchbook A china teapot A place mat A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A matchbook A china teapot
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A matchbook A china teapot The unicorn bounds lightly away.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A matchbook
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. The unicorn bounds lightly away.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a china teapot here.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. The unicorn bounds lightly away. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fireproof!" He cackles gleefully.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. The unicorn bounds lightly away. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. There is a loud crackling noise. Blue smoke rises from out of the Wizard's sleeve. He sighs and disappears.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. The unicorn bounds lightly away. The lamp is nearly out.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. All at once you feel very tired. In fact, you feel so weak that you drop the china teapot.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a china teapot here. The unicorn bounds lightly away.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard seems about to say something, but thinks better of it, and peers at you from under his bushy eyebrows.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. The Wizard of Frobozz is here, eyeing you warily.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. He mutters something (muffled by his beard) and disappears as suddenly as he came.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fierce!" He cackles gleefully. You rush at the Wizard, intending to tear him limb from limb. The Wizard mumbles something under his breath, and just before you reach him, he vanishes.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. You feel cooler and less angry now.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A lamp
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A lamp A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. Sitting on the table is: A lamp The unicorn bounds lightly away.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. There is a loud crackling noise. Blue smoke rises from out of the Wizard's sleeve. He sighs and disappears.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a lamp here. A unicorn is peacefully cropping grass at the north end of the garden. There is something hanging around its neck.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a lamp here.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a lamp here. The unicorn bounds lightly away.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. All at once you feel very tired. In fact, you feel so weak that you drop the lamp.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. You feel more energetic now.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a china teapot here. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard incants "Fantasize!" but nothing happens. He shakes the wand. Nothing happens. With a slightly embarrassed glance in your direction, he vanishes.
This is a gazebo in the midst of a formal garden. It is cool and restful here. A tea table adorns the center of the gazebo. There is a china teapot here. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, in a deep and resonant voice, speaks the word "Fear!" He cackles gleefully. You look at the Wizard in terror. You scramble away, trying to get as far as possible from him. North End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo.
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas - floating patch of oily slime You're bitten by chiggers.
You' re in a dismal swamp. Obvious exits: North, South, East, West, Up. You can also see: *DIAMOND RING* - cypress tree - evil smelling mud - swamp gas Your chigger bites are now infected.
You are in a 20-foot depression floored with bare dirt. Set into the dirt is a strong steel grate mounted in concrete. A dry streambed leads into the depression. Your lamp has run out of power.
Dozens of stone markers stand here, oblivious to the wind and the rain. Huge, twisted oaks, their limbs tossed by the wind, draw an unmentionable sustenance from the moss-covered, moldy ground. An odor of decay, which even the storm cannot dissipate, hangs over everything. An iron barred fence surrounds the graveyard, an ivy-covered barrier separating it from the world of the living. The only exit is through the gate to the east. A church rises to the east, its boarded up windows giving the impression that it is covering its eyes from the sight of the graveyard. A large branch has been broken from one of the trees and has crushed the grave marker below it. With a loud CRACK, a bolt of lightning strikes the steeple of the church.
Side of the Church The trees close in here, their storm-tossed branches seeming to reach clawing limbs towards the back of the church. The weeds have run wild here and ivy climbs its way up the back of the building. A faint path continues around the church to the southeast and the southwest. The south wall of the church looms blankly overhead. With a loud CRACK, a bolt of lightning strikes the steeple of the church.
Side of the Church The trees close in here, their storm-tossed branches seeming to reach clawing limbs towards the back of the church. The weeds have run wild here and ivy climbs its way up the back of the building. A faint path continues around the church to the southeast and the southwest. The south wall of the church looms blankly overhead. A blast of thunder rattles the ground.
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. Lightning arcs overhead, followed instantly by a blast of thunder.
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. A blast of thunder rattles the ground.
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. With a loud CRACK, a bolt of lightning strikes the steeple of the church.
Side of the Church This wide, graveled clearing may have once been where the worshippers at the church left their vehicles while attending services inside. If so, it seems that the last service was held long ago. Weeds and grasses grow up through the gravel, which is littered with debris. Dark, looming trees surround the clearing except for the driveway, which leads to the southwest, and for a narrow opening to the northwest. To the west, the church stares out over the clearing. Momentarily, the wind and rain slacken then return with renewed force.
Side of the Church The trees close in here, their storm-tossed branches seeming to reach clawing limbs towards the back of the church. The weeds have run wild here and ivy climbs its way up the back of the building. A faint path continues around the church to the southeast and the southwest. The south wall of the church looms blankly overhead. For a brief moment, hail pounds against you then subsides.
In the Carpet You are in the midst of the white monster. Your sure that if you dropped anything it could definaintly be found here. It's not that interesting down here, or not what you would excpect. No Fraggles, and the roots of the shags are pretty nasty. A wild patch of cotton candy has taken up root here.
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. . Colin is helping load the bus. Your friend Ryan shows up with his Mom. With a wink and grin at you, he grabs his pack and sleeping bag from the car and kisses his mom goodbye. 'Hey', he calls at you. 'Let's help load the bus!'.Ryan hums tunelessly to himself.
At the Church The huge bus barn dominates the background of the area. The spire of the church rises to the sky in the distance, across the empty parking lot. But here at the bus barn there is a flurry of activity as the Scouts prepare for a trip. Your new friends are busily hauling tents, patrol boxes, tables, chairs, cook stoves, and other equipment from the shed into the back of the bus. They have formed a sort of fire brigade and are passing the equipment forward. The Adults are supervising from the distance. The Troop Quartermaster, a Life Scout named John, is busy in the shed tallying the equipment and directing what gear is to go. Your buddy, Ryan stands near you expectantly. The scoutmaster is giving directions to the leader who will be driving the bus. Colin is helping load the bus. Ryan digs in his pack for a minute and pulls out his permission slip. he checks it carefully, nods to himself, and puts it away.'My mom packed me
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. Deep throbbing rumbles vibrate from your surroundings. You can see a Cauldron (which is empty) here.
Cauldron room Your surroundings shift into a dark red mystical blur with a gigantic iron vat in the middle. You gag as you waft the contents of the cauldron but a faint light appears among the murky goo. You hear whispers and make out what seems to be eyelids flashing open all around you. You make out what can only be described as pulsing veins in the grey mist illuminated in red. A pedestal stands to the northwest of the cauldron. A flash of light distracts you from the otherwise terrifying place. You can see a Cauldron (which is empty) here.
Servant' s Room Once upon a time, servants in great houses lived in awful little crevices and excuses for rooms like this one. They must have been in permanent danger of suffocation, for there are no windows and only a doorway to the west. A bed is still kept here, and the sight of it brings on drowsiness in all this warm stuffy air. All you want to do is curl up and sleep. There's a little book on the tiny bedside table.
Servant' s Room Once upon a time, servants in great houses lived in awful little crevices and excuses for rooms like this one. They must have been in permanent danger of suffocation, for there are no windows and only a doorway to the west. A bed is still kept here, and the sight of it brings on drowsiness in all this warm stuffy air. All you want to do is curl up and sleep.
the bedroom Max is in bed with his grandfather Willie. Willie is snoring quite loudly. Max turns over to tell his grandfather to be quiet when he is assailed by the smell of grandfather's breath. Willie is fond of cigars and they give his breath the aroma of used dragon smoke. Max starts to get out of bed, but finds he is surrounded by an impenetrable darkness. The bed seems to be floating. Willie begins talking in his sleep. "What's the matter with you," he says. "You never listen to anything I tell you. You think you're so smart. You're a bum just like your father. Never listen to me." Willie begins to swing his hands in his sleep. Max ducks and dodges. Finally he lifts his pillow in self defense. Under the pillow is a wet cigar. You can see a wet cigar here.
You have won *** . In that game you scored 0 out of a possible 50, in 2783 turns. Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game or QUIT?
This area is open towards the living room and it serves as a bottleneck between the outer world and my castle. It slowly narrows towards the apartment door. The coat rack nestles against the rippled wall. I can also see a safe key here.
An old-fashioned kitchen, dominated by a gigantic stone fireplace. At one time this must have been the site of culinary wonders, catering for dozens of guests. In recent years only your great aunt has used the place, and the useful contents of the room have been accumulated in one corner, around the gas cooker. A door leads north to the rest of the house, while the back door is to the south. In one corner of the west wall is a smaller door. There is a gas cooker here. On the cooker is a saucepan (which is empty). You can also see a kitchen table (on which are a plate of food, a cutting board (on which is a knife) and a drinking straw (which is empty)) here. Brookes enters the room. "I'm sure I don't need to tell you that time is money in our business," Brookes says, "so we'll have to insist that you pick up the last of Agatha's things and vacate the Hall by tonight. So nice to have met you."
It is pitch dark. Suddenly a jet of boiling water strikes you in the back of the neck. You run yelping from the room. It is pitch dark.
The passage widens into a vast chamber which is full of soldiers some armed with long bows, others with halberds, maces or swords. Their lord is a venerable man who is sitting in a very expensively upholstered armchair.
( in the bed) While considerably better than your children's rooms, your room is also a little bit on the messy side. There is a king-size bed here with mountains of assorted pillows. A masterfully finished dresser graces the south wall. To the south is the hallway and a bathroom is off to the west. You can see a little gnome here.
( in the bed) While considerably better than your children's rooms, your room is also a little bit on the messy side. There is a king-size bed here with mountains of assorted pillows. A masterfully finished dresser graces the south wall. To the south is the hallway and a bathroom is off to the west.
It' s totally pitch black and you can't see a thing!
If you ever get out of here, you really must complain to the prison's standards officers. This place is dirtier and dustier than a dirt factory. If you didn't have better things to do, you'd be in the right mind too give the place a jolly good clean just too spite it. There's a heavily built door to the south. The door is open You can also see a bed and a pressure guage here.
North of House You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north- south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path. The lamp is nearly out.
This is a forest, with trees in all directions. To the east, there appears to be sunlight. You hear in the distance the chirping of a song bird. You'd better have more light than from the brass lantern.
Inside the Barrow You are inside an ancient barrow hidden deep within a dark forest. The barrow opens into a narrow tunnel at its southern end. You can see a faint glow at the far end. A strangely familiar brass lantern is lying on the ground. A sword of Elvish workmanship is on the ground. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily.
The path follows the south edge of a deep ravine and heads northeast. A tunnel heads southwest, narrowing to a rather tight crawl. A faint whirring sound can be heard in that direction. On the east is a ruined archway choked with vegetation. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. He mutters something (muffled by his beard) and disappears as suddenly as he came.
The path follows the south edge of a deep ravine and heads northeast. A tunnel heads southwest, narrowing to a rather tight crawl. A faint whirring sound can be heard in that direction. On the east is a ruined archway choked with vegetation. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
You are maddened by an overwhelming ferocity, and attack the unicorn instead. The unicorn, unsurprised by this evidence that you are indeed the uncouth sort of vagabond it suspected you were, melts into the hedges and is gone. Your sword is no longer glowing.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. You feel cooler and less angry now.
End of Garden This is the northern end of a formal garden. Hedges hide the cavern walls, and if you don't look up, the illusion is of a cloudy day outside. The light comes from a large growth of glowing mosses on the roof of the cave. A break in the hedge is almost overgrown to the north. A carefully manicured path leads south. In the center of a rosebed is a small open structure, painted white. It appears to be a gazebo. There is a beautiful unicorn here cropping grass. A strange little man in a long cloak appears suddenly in the room. He is wearing a high pointed hat embroidered with astrological signs. He has a long, stringy, and unkempt beard. The Wizard draws forth his wand and waves it in your direction. It begins to glow with a faint blue glow. The Wizard, almost inaudibly, whispers a word beginning with "F," and then disappears, chuckling nastily. Your limbs suddenly feel like they have turned to stone. You can't move a muscle.
You are in a room with passages heading southwest and southeast. The north wall is ornately carved, filled with strange runes and writing in an unfamiliar language.
You have come to the end of two adjoining passages to the west and the northwest. The lamp appears a bit dimmer.
You are in a room with passages heading southwest and southeast. The north wall is ornately carved, filled with strange runes and writing in an unfamiliar language. An old and wizened man is huddled, asleep, in the corner. He is snoring loudly. From his appearance, he is weak and frail.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. You can hear quiet footsteps nearby.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the north. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. A brilliant feint puts you off guard, and the hooded figure slips its sword between your ribs. You are hurt very badly.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the north. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure swings its sword and sends yours flying to the ground. Although you are defenseless, the figure reaches for your sword and hands it back to you, nodding grimly.
Land of Shadow You are in a shadowy land of low, rolling hills stretching out to the west and south. The land is bordered to the north by a massive stone wall. Ancient and weathered, the wall has crumbled enough at one point to permit passage. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the north. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. You dodge as the hooded figure comes in low.
You are at the junction of a north-south passage and an east-west passage. To the north, you can make out the bottom of a stairway. The ways to the east and south are relatively cramped, but a wider trail leads to the west. Standing before you is a great rock. The lamp is definitely dimmer now.
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock.
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the west. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure thrusts, but you fight back and send it flying to the ground!
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the west. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure catches you off guard and wounds you!
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the west. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure tries to sneak past your guard, but you twist away.
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the west. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure swings its sword and sends yours flying to the ground. Although you are defenseless, the figure reaches for your sword and hands it back to you, nodding grimly.
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the west. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. The hooded figure stabs nonchalantly with its sword and misses.
Land of Shadow You are at the eastern end of a dark, featureless landscape of shallow hills. Paths to the east and southeast re-enter the rock. A cloaked and hooded person, carrying a sword not unlike your own, is standing blocking the way to the west. The hooded figure has a great deal of strength, perhaps matching your own. Your quick reflexes cannot stop the hooded figure's stroke! You are hit!
You are standing at the entrance of a narrow, waist-high tunnel that winds out of sight to the northeast. This, you have been told, is the entrance to the newfound areas of the Great Underground Empire. The lantern dims a little.
You are standing at the entrance of a narrow, waist-high tunnel that winds out of sight to the northeast. This, you have been told, is the entrance to the newfound areas of the Great Underground Empire. The lantern flickers and goes out.
